
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  73663                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   131128                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40679358                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      528159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        940178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425247656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              973373892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425247656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         425905934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425247656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1278814933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.539152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367229000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.539152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.596197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.596197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247997824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247997824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248913824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    248913824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248913824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    248913824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41636.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176134.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176134.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174065.611189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174065.611189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174065.611189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174065.611189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1690400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10631.446541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       647800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       647800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231031200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231031200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29445.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29445.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164084.659091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164084.659091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162013.286713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162013.286713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162013.286713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162013.286713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           123                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1865.096800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              36                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.292683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          105.319140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.418910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.875403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.244821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.880351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    493.358228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.025713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.120449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.455346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          939                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             902                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  902                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1683                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3050869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202096563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85874928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291648849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24115634                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24115634                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3050869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202096563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109990562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315764483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3050869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202096563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109990562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315764483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          902                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              902                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.357667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.609948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.611979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.039216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.369450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.039216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.369450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105202.379310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102900.490326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105110.070991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103165.493102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103500.575107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102619.719149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105202.379310                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102900.490326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104752.916190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103123.606466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105202.379310                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102900.490326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104752.916190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103123.606466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2892969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191251701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81398476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276136635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22824934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22824934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2892969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191251701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104223410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298961569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2892969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191251701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104223410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298961569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3824517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3824517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.609948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.491113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99757.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97378.666497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99630.937576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98059.884588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97961.090129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97961.090129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99757.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97378.666497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99260.390476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98052.334864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99757.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97378.666497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99260.390476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98052.334864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1806.348644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.762679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.181613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.245112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1248.071837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    518.087496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184274589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78481517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266121264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21947558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21947558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184274589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100429075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288068822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2792069                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184274589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100429075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288068822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96278.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95084.927245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96771.290999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95213.332379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94601.543103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93792.982906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96278.241379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95084.927245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96288.662512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95103.605810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96278.241379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95084.927245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96288.662512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95103.605810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2390569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157032068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67150845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227062492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18652342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18652342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2390569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157032068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85803187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245714834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2390569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157032068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85803187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245714834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3403812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3403812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10115412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10115412                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82433.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81501.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81027.898865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82800.055487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81559.803161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80398.025862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80398.025862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82433.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81501.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81027.898865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82265.759348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81470.435676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82433.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81501.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81027.898865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82265.759348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81470.435676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3138                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.125658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.199809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001370605300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.038837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.086821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.886888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.888917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4327                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4327                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290937625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290937625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290937625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    290937625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290937625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    290937625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67284.372109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67237.722440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67284.372109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67237.722440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67284.372109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67237.722440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226072091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226072091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226072091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226072091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226072091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226072091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61971.516173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61971.516173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61971.516173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61971.516173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61971.516173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61971.516173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          143                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.644949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            98                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.685315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.137529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.507420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.656714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.665309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2937742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2937742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2937742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2937742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2937742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2937742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.379653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.381418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.379653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.381418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.379653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.381418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19200.928105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18831.679487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19200.928105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18831.679487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19200.928105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18831.679487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2462794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2462794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2462794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2462794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.379653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.379653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.379653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16096.692810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16096.692810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16096.692810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16096.692810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16096.692810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16096.692810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2326                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.874051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.081255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.828200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2336                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2342                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2336                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2342                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31800814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31800814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31800814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31800814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31800814                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31800814                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.883440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.883440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.883440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13613.362158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13578.485909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13613.362158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13578.485909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13613.362158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13578.485909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24618566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24618566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24618566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24618566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24618566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24618566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10538.769692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10538.769692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10538.769692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10538.769692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10538.769692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10538.769692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1884                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               220.824871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.952760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001482306000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.685240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   220.139631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.859920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.862597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28080                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15395                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15398                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43479                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    206334621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206334621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28778531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28778531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235113152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235113152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235113152                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235113152                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64823.946277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64783.240502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71946.327500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71588.385572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65619.076751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65545.902425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65619.076751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65545.902425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          902                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              902                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99981889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99981889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26323017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26323017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126304906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126304906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126304906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126304906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3991252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3991252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7786577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7786577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11777829                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11777829                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024241                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56872.519340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56872.519340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68728.503916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68728.503916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58993.417095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58993.417095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58993.417095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58993.417095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  779238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41205                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41205                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30339                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16625                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175783                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                194684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                57733                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        154509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          372                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27392                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             58                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       408935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.887090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.359531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          352363     86.17%     86.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2713      0.66%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2063      0.50%     87.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2900      0.71%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4658      1.14%     89.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4078      1.00%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5449      1.33%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2181      0.53%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32530      7.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       408935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052879                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.249839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          173743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       162292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18459                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        348614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18459                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178356                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          86287                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        63584                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49843                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        331141                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          137                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       365744                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       825372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       825282                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       228214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          137518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1001                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1005                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32355                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24257                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            307675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           275071                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        99876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       146189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          863                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       408935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.672652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.436176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       306616     74.98%     74.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33914      8.29%     83.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21501      5.26%     88.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17560      4.29%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12156      2.97%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9035      2.21%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5797      1.42%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1954      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          402      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       408935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            640     46.11%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           398     28.67%     74.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          350     25.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2967      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       213505     77.62%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37724     13.71%     92.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20865      7.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        275071                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.353000                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1388                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005046                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       962795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       409352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       262573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        273478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15495                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8417                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18459                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          74819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       309372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24257                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7335                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       267435                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35842                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27741                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19908                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.343201                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                263267                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               262582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           173144                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           275190                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.336973                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629180                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       107729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          834                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6337                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       390547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.477402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323595     82.86%     82.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24110      6.17%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12203      3.12%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10258      2.63%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6124      1.57%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3404      0.87%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1765      0.45%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2463      0.63%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6625      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       390547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       109832                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        201637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42794                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                26954                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22595                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           199787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6625                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              693149                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             637324                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2622                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 370303                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96612                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             109832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               201637                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       109832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.094818                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.094818                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140948                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140948                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          519435                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         287733                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         115996                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           672                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.094448                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 94447797327                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15096280761513                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31310                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57174                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34147932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4595772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2765.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86599090                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158134890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1970176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5874176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18704768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26811136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5874176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5874176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10621376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10621376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       292262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               418924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         165959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              165959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20859947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              853805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1084874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       835509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62194950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    198043454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              283872539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62194950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62194950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        112457636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             112457636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        112457636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20859947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             853805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1084874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       835509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62194950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    198043454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             396330175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48702                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.763509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.053671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.709839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.253354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.669365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.922719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            992                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               992                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           242                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              242                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1527                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32567                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1781334940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1801869940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5458769120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127711000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5586480120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5479304120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1909045940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7388350060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5479304120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1909045940                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7388350060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42340.206186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109769.222332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107812.477712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175862.407216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83635.232482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171538.063684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173808.219508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107521.596170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149925.934659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173808.219508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107521.596170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149925.934659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52424102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5333                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9830.133508                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14612900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1586036905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600649805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5084692744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    109052500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5193745244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5099305644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1695089405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6794395049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5099305644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1695089405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6794395049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30129.690722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97734.588674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95772.740083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163810.977577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71416.175508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159478.774342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161754.342395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95471.101380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137873.276157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161754.342395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95471.101380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137873.276157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1196310                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4057.253063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         3262183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1200335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.717727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15017037795300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          979.437461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.122725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.247180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.017887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    80.485480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.492914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1543.861826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1416.583379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.239120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.376919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.345846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.990540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       493109                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1276238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2188911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1236596                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              1236596                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34444                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34444                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       118723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               118723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       493109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1394961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2307634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       370921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       493109                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1394961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2307634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       519776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       471927                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1021756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3727                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       175432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             175432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       519776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       647359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1197188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       519776                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       647359                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1197188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    552477140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    357646296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18987734413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26390174789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    46288032638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220306939                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    220306939                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13181377596                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13181377596                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    552477140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    357646296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18987734413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39571552385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     59469410234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    552477140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    357646296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18987734413                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39571552385                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    59469410234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       389475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        60142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1012885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1748165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3210667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1236596                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          1236596                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       294155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           294155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       389475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        60142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1012885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2042320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3504822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       389475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        60142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1012885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2042320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3504822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.318238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097640                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.097640                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.596393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.596393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.341583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.341583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29776.713377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31102.382468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36530.610134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55920.035914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45302.432908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59111.064932                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59111.064932                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75136.677436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75136.677436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29776.713377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31102.382468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36530.610134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61127.677819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49674.245176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29776.713377                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31102.382468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36530.610134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61127.677819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49674.245176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              318748                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   318748                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       519771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       471927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1021710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3727                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       175432                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        175432                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       519771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1197142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       519771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1197142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    450974224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    294367468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16055388847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23786428591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40587159130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    276258645                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276258645                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12203303250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12203303250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    450974224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    294367468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16055388847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35989731841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52790462380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    450974224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    294367468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16055388847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35989731841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52790462380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    188150453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    188150453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    300694730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    300694730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    488845183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    488845183                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097640                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097640                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.596393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.341570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.190882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24334.892294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25641.765505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30889.350978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50402.771172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39724.735130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74123.596727                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74123.596727                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69561.444035                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69561.444035                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24334.892294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25641.765505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30889.350978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55594.703775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44097.076521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24334.892294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25641.765505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30889.350978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55594.703775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44097.076521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        359811                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30579.244569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          952916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        391925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.431373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15064725170774                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8097.400753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.532029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.540549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.929686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.282342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.522513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    97.827456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9352.003156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12884.206085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.247113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.393195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.933204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       427984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       278500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 733662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          318748                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               318748                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 814                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                60830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       427984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       339330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  794492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       427984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       339330                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 794492                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               288048                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4339                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4339                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                401224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91787                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306603                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               401224                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150436835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    115695876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8583747631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18037020402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26886900744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102220473                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    102220473                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10691971269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10691971269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150436835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    115695876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8583747631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28728991671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37578872013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150436835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    115695876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8583747631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28728991671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37578872013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       519771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       471927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1021710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       318748                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           318748                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       174006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           174006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       519771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       645933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1195716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       519771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       645933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1195716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.281927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.842034                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.842034                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.650414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.335551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.335551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93964.294191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93832.827251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.119461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93249.755215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93341.737294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23558.532611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23558.532611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94472.072427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94472.072427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93964.294191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93832.827251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.119461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93700.947711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93660.578662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93964.294191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93832.827251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93518.119461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93700.947711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93660.578662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              133768                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   133768                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          288048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4339                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4339                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           401224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          401224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128019934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98386967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7290651375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15317402220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22834460496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    323987098                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323987098                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9085354119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9085354119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128019934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98386967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7290651375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24402756339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31919814615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128019934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98386967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7290651375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24402756339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31919814615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    165469880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    165469880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    266069890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    266069890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    431539770                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    431539770                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.842034                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842034                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.335551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79962.482199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79794.782644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79430.108567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79189.576533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79273.108982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74668.609818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74668.609818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80276.331722                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80276.331722                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79962.482199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79794.782644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79430.108567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79590.729181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79556.094887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79962.482199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79794.782644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79430.108567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79590.729181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79556.094887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                89919132                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12716                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 87352805                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2566328                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8068                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4648                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 292                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1012885                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11383303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1013397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.232817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11375231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11375231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11375231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11375231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11375231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11375231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1146272                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1146272                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1146272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1146272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1146272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1146272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33260810856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33260810856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33260810856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33260810856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33260810856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33260810856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12521503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12521503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12521503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12521503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12521503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12521503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29016.508173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29016.508173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29016.508173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29016.508173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29016.508173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29016.508173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4332930                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33588.604651                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       133383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       133383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       133383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1012889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1012889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1012889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1012889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1012889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1012889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25111728407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25111728407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25111728407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25111728407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25111728407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25111728407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24792.181974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24792.181974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24792.181974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24792.181974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24792.181974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24792.181974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        61843                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.679930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        317056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        61859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.125463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002282437300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.679930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.979996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.979996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       316576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       316576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       316576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       316576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       316576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       316576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        64976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        64976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        64976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1116053584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1116053584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1116053584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1116053584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1116053584                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1116053584                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       381552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       381552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       381552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17176.397193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17176.397193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17176.397193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17176.397193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17176.397193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17176.397193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8585                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8585                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        64976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    904352701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904352701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    904352701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904352701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    904352701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904352701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13918.257526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13918.257526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13918.257526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13918.257526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13918.257526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13918.257526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       398132                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.884019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1685908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       398147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.234386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.884019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.992751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.992751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1685147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1685147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1685147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1685147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1685147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1685147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       401271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       401271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       401271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6531059084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6531059084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6531059084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6531059084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6531059084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6531059084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2086418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2086418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2086418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2086418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2086418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2086418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16275.930939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16275.930939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16275.930939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16275.930939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16275.930939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16275.930939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       140251                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       140251                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5254979087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5254979087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5254979087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5254979087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5254979087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5254979087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.192325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13095.835700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13095.835700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13095.835700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13095.835700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13095.835700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13095.835700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               2044028                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.800046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21309628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               2044284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 10.424006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.800046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13455157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13455157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7807718                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7807718                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21262875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21262875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21262875                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21262875                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2913682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2913682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       335792                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       335792                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3249474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       3249474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3249474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      3249474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107929822759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 107929822759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16637725330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16637725330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124567548089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 124567548089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124567548089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 124567548089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16368839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16368839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8143510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8143510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24512349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24512349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24512349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24512349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.178002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.178002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37042.416694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37042.416694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49547.712066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49547.712066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38334.680656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38334.680656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38334.680656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38334.680656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1087760                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          1087760                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1161269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1161269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1166591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1166591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1166591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1166591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1752413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1752413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       330470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       330470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2082883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2082883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2082883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2082883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45317907730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45317907730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15282203407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15282203407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60600111137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60600111137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60600111137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60600111137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    196303237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    196303237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    312471964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    312471964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    508775201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    508775201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25860.289629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25860.289629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46243.844848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46243.844848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29094.342379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29094.342379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29094.342379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29094.342379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               240957107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17716708                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17716708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1879920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13609011                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9636904                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     59279123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              82175529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17716708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9636904                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25802057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8042769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1977201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     101171392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        16535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       296669                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1067                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12521598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1138503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          28643                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    194555821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.771607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.186242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       169617281     87.18%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1454463      0.75%     87.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1478583      0.76%     88.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2275235      1.17%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2139073      1.10%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1728369      0.89%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1751468      0.90%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1714364      0.88%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12396985      6.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    194555821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.073526                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.341038                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61988311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    102292740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22764268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1498725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6011777                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     146134885                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          421                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6011777                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        64324907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       78219061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13690704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21735521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     10573851                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     141677822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       166324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3447197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      6010300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       226499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    159896793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    368679032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    367012016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1667016                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113858274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        46038428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       388717                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       390122                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         22612683                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     23051787                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10961860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3457329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2064327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         135549034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       471911                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        123096618                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       452354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     34315119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     53773341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       159636                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    194555821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.280499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    140669860     72.30%     72.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21519057     11.06%     83.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14277174      7.34%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7611876      3.91%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5216936      2.68%     97.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2953949      1.52%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1688530      0.87%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528596      0.27%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        89843      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    194555821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         284976     45.16%     45.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6061      0.96%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        230210     36.48%     82.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109741     17.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       856439      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90981247     73.91%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       424725      0.35%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20849914     16.94%     91.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9984293      8.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     123096618                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.510865                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             630988                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005126                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441339194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169514300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119199788                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1097040                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       897910                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       507691                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     122324933                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         546234                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3955145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6068750                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        34340                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        80495                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2817316                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21727                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6011777                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       55660183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1012914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136020945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1223015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23051787                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10961860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       446562                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        487949                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        27718                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        80495                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       910573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1160780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2071353                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121080840                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20334532                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2015782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            30135811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13350463                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9801279                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.502500                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             119950439                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            119707479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         81346654                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        132332875                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.496800                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614712                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     36337701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312275                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1917046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    188587920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.574521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    157079112     83.29%     83.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12541614      6.65%     89.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4360640      2.31%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4953616      2.63%     94.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2088357      1.11%     95.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1090302      0.58%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       630055      0.33%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       782104      0.41%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5062120      2.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    188587920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55274659                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99680698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25127549                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16983023                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9517                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11721044                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99153893                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5062120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           319415704                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          278076580                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 998909                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               46401286                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            42669824                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55274659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99680698                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55274659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.359269                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.359269                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.229396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.229396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       245246488                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      133203888                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           840093                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          438862                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       58564775                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360232                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2119080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       375888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320165960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52390580                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375119110                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320165960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320165960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36459656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45365069                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40020745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8260862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48597605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5008696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5149066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       161020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             554740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22436521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3979849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3389872173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          554704096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3971708400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3389872173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3389872173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     83136211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11153050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         386029712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            480318973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     83297231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11707790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22436521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3979849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3389872173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         940733808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4452027373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               89919132                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12716                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2566328                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                87352805                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4648                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8068                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                435                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      283627559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30257974                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56566226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56127573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380895                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4679399                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56127573                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380895                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145369148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63594786                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636969                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13262919                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8261658                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5001261                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             217294251.221883                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66333307.778117                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.233875                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.766125                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
