
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 189354                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   336258                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              105583004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519843                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228299503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              985838762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228299503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293182000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.182437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048416000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.182437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.573902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.573902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246180824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246180824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247097824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247097824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247097824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247097824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174844.335227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174844.335227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1562300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10849.305556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229215984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229215984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229864784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229864784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229864784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229864784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162795.443182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162795.443182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           161                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1810.853485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              62                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.385093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          117.647432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.752720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1222.434979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    432.283907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.028723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.298446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.105538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             644                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  644                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2761                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205367882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75196332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      284236336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34064401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34064401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205367882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109260733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       318300737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205367882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109260733                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      318300737                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.340192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.808717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.362880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.362880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105108.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103440.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103096.326305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104294.496533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102946.880116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102913.598187                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101989.224551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105108.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103440.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103096.326305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103860.012357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102843.533764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105108.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103440.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103096.326305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103860.012357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102843.533764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194371388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71267776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269119486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32226701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32226701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194371388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103494477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301346187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194371388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103494477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301346187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11327390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11327390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99634.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97915.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97575.997992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98845.736477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97932.855167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97361.634441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97361.634441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99634.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97915.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97575.997992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98378.780418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97871.447548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99634.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97915.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97575.997992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98378.780418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97871.447548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1739.759615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            2.355449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.193189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1248.671776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    448.804554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     36                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     36                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3057                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2980808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187354322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68629630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      259342221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30930425                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30930425                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2980808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187354322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99560055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290272646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2980808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187354322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99560055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290272646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.977809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96155.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94365.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95007.262677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97346.992908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95171.457248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94013.449848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93163.930723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96155.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94365.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95007.262677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96286.320116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.433431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96155.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94365.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95007.262677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96286.320116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.433431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2549375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159625054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58814538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221310167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26226817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26226817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2549375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159625054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85041355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247536984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2549375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159625054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85041355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247536984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.977809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82237.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80945.767748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83424.876596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81604.043879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79716.768997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79716.768997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80945.767748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82245.024178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81399.863203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80945.767748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82245.024178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81399.863203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3808                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.318894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.594013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083164118000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.366168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   435.952726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.852185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20768                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20768                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5000                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5003                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          5003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5000                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         5003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298751457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298751457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298751457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298751457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298751457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298751457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59750.291400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.462722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59750.291400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.462722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59750.291400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.462722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233496929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233496929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233496929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233496929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233496929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233496929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54087.776002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.776002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.068417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.429907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.345409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.723008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2033800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2033800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2033800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2033800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2033800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2033800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18322.522523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17235.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18322.522523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17235.593220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18322.522523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17235.593220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15254.099099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.099099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2361                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.008980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2377                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2377                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32809075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32809075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32809075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32809075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32809075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32809075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13837.652889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13802.724022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13837.652889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13802.724022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13837.652889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13802.724022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25531806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25531806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25531806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25531806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25531806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25531806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10768.370308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10768.370308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1223                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.196089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.543745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.929605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.266483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.724992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27285                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16226                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16230                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2731                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2734                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    153084113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153084113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38220943                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38220943                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191305056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191305056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191305056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191305056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66442.757378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66442.757378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89510.405152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88885.913953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.452948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69972.588149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.452948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69972.588149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          644                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              644                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84327741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84327741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35602907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35602907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119930648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119930648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119930648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119930648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64767.850230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64767.850230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86205.585956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86205.585956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38439                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38439                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29449                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15382                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185232                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15382                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        157554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1261                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.827995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.291916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360010     87.09%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2583      0.62%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1975      0.48%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3095      0.75%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3884      0.94%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3839      0.93%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5138      1.24%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1970      0.48%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30889      7.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176448                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       167257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49195                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        329504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          180703                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        313774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          136                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       343433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       776165                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       776075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212437                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          946                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1210                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            292636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261473                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        96024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       139429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          727                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.404282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       315980     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32613      7.89%     84.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20526      4.97%     89.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16428      3.97%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11313      2.74%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8756      2.12%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5337      1.29%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1970      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          460      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            505     39.03%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           416     32.15%     71.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          373     28.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2904      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201001     76.87%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35760     13.68%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21798      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261473                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338275                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1294                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004949                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       940073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       390300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        259849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4269                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14993                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8524                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           272                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6283                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253959                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33931                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25826                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20790                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328553                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                249806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161749                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253261                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322113                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638665                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       104872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6402                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.400131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       329836     83.44%     83.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24390      6.17%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12496      3.16%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10062      2.55%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5931      1.50%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2975      0.75%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1675      0.42%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2466      0.62%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5472      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104109                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41991                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25286                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20624                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              683830                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             606582                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 359578                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97471                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189255                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.424536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.424536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134689                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134689                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          487506                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270592                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111233                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.073003                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60073003277919                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65156510902698                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  53470                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   103083                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2040542049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4757212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29439.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1574150832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3034734645                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            99264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       162944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2493440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     49698304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            55925952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2493440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2493440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     36810880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         36810880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        38960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       776536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               873843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         575170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              575170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        41507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       827298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 930966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        41507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             41507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           612769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                612769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           612769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        41507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       827298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1543736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   297722                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.611023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   297737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.053930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.557093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.909818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.913189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            178                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               178                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            27                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               27                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3519                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       425310                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          428829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        28386                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          79586                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        453696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           508415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       453696                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          508415                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    508805664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  48669946662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49178752326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8991064600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1224281000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10215345600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9499870264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  49894227662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  59394097926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9499870264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  49894227662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  59394097926                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       425488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        429007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        28413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       453901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         508620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       453901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        508620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144588.139812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114434.052014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114681.498513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175606.730469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43129.747058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128356.062624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173611.912937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109972.818059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116822.080242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173611.912937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109972.818059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116822.080242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    415620820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               48765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8522.932841                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55236                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55236                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       425310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       428829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        28386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        79586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       453696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       508415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       453696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       508415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466265484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43540245300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44006510784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8373960800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    869909300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9243870100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8840226284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44410154600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53250380884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8840226284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44410154600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53250380884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999050                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132499.427110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102372.963956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102620.183766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163553.921875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30645.716198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116149.449652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161556.795336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97885.268109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104738.020877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161556.795336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97885.268109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104738.020877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6699760                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4028.568993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        53435861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6703800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.970981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  50394728386300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1429.419390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   150.407604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.514004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1091.635491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1355.591754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.348979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.983537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21302590                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372954                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12642382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8840389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               43158315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11708456                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11708456                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1065958                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1065958                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2115859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2115859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21302590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12642382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10956248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                45274174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21302590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12642382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10956248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               45274174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244670                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3898067                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5259484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       102071                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            102071                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1711694                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1711694                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5609761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6971178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4681                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244670                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5609761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6971178                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2566612461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    147634816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30371030814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127719923065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   160805201156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2300674703                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2300674703                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85961543366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  85961543366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2566612461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    147634816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30371030814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213681466431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    246766744522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2566612461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    147634816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30371030814                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213681466431                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   246766744522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21414656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13887052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12738456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           48417799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11708456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11708456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1168029                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1168029                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3827553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3827553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21414656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13887052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16566009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            52245352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21414656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13887052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16566009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           52245352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.108627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.087387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447203                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.447203                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.133432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.133432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22902.686462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31539.161718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24400.869961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32764.937869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30574.330325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22539.944774                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22539.944774                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50220.158139                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50220.158139                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22902.686462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31539.161718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24400.869961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38091.010728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.141393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22902.686462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31539.161718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24400.869961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38091.010728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35398.141393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4064514                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4064514                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3898067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5259465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       102071                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       102071                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1711694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1711694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5609761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6971159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1244652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5609761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6971159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1969130970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122330947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23293361689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106167066726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131551890332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8795637861                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8795637861                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76268842381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76268842381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1969130970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122330947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23293361689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 182435909107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 207820732713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1969130970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122330947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23293361689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 182435909107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 207820732713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8849223446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8849223446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12182265450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12182265450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21031488896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21031488896                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.306008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087387                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087387                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.133431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17571.172077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26139.091239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18714.758574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27235.823993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25012.409120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86171.761431                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86171.761431                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44557.521602                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44557.521602                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17571.172077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26139.091239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18714.758574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32521.155377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29811.503756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17571.172077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26139.091239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18714.758574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32521.155377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29811.503756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        791150                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32262.170812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8495742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        823488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         10.316777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17846.571697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.271498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.412448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   154.298983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.867347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2276.739189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11961.009413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.544634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.069481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.365021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.984563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109520                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1205691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3404570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4723883                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4064514                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4064514                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1089952                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1089952                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1205691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4494522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5813835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109520                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1205691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4494522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5813835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       493497                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               535582                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       389254                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            389254                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       334219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             334219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       827716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                869801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       827716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               869801                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    236047222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53690202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3646430910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45523869402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    49460037736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    748638269                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    748638269                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30612998558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  30612998558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    236047222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53690202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3646430910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76136867960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     80073036294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    236047222                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53690202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3646430910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76136867960                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    80073036294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1244652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3898067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5259465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4064514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4064514                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       389594                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          389594                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1424171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1424171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1244652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5322238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6683636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1244652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5322238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6683636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.101832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999127                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.999127                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234676                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.234676                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.130139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.130139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92712.970149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92889.622837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.820282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92247.509918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92348.207625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1923.264164                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1923.264164                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91595.626095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91595.626095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92712.970149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92889.622837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.820282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91984.289249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92059.029932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92712.970149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92889.622837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.820282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91984.289249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92059.029932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              519934                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   519934                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       493497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          535582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       389254                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       389254                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       334219                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        334219                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       827716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           869801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       827716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          869801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200347030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45575279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3096679161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38600476791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41943078261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29605289063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29605289063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25796289053                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25796289053                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200347030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45575279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3096679161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64396765844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67739367314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200347030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45575279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3096679161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64396765844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67739367314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7937492039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7937492039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10832351914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10832351914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18769843953                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18769843953                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999127                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999127                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.130139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.123504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78690.899450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78849.963668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79481.511281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78218.260275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78313.084198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76056.479992                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76056.479992                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77183.789829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77183.789829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78690.899450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78849.963668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79481.511281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77800.557007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77879.155478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78690.899450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78849.963668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79481.511281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77800.557007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77879.155478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24955268                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68256                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      19287                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        320                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   245                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 19098                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3332415                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19607                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    25023524                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           326                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3323326                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9090                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            321                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19532                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13887052                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               139596252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13887564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.051889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139590124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      139590124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139590124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       139590124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139590124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      139590124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14477458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14477458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14477458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      14477458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14477458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     14477458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221408045805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 221408045805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221408045805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 221408045805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221408045805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 221408045805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154067582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    154067582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154067582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    154067582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154067582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    154067582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15293.295674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15293.295674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15293.295674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15293.295674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15293.295674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15293.295674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       454201                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        41291                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       590385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       590385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       590385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       590385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       590385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       590385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13887073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13887073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13887073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13887073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13887073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13887073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165270211326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165270211326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165270211326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 165270211326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165270211326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 165270211326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11901.011201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11901.011201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11901.011201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11901.011201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11901.011201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11901.011201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       377694                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        380574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       377710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.007583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083929941300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       380147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       380147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       380147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       380147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       380147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       380147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377901                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       377901                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       377901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377901                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       377901                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7619336630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7619336630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7619336630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7619336630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7619336630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7619336630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       758048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       758048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       758048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       758048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       758048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       758048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.498519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.498519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.498519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.498519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.498519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.498519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20162.255802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20162.255802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20162.255802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20162.255802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20162.255802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20162.255802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          275                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          275                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       377901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       377901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       377901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6476438861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6476438861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6476438861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6476438861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6476438861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6476438861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.498519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.498519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.498519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.498519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17137.924644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.924644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17137.924644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.924644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17137.924644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.924644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21416893                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10071148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21416909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.470243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10070756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10070756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10070756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10070756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10070756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10070756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21418417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21418417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21418417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21418417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21418417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21418417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 256534321621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 256534321621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 256534321621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 256534321621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 256534321621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 256534321621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31489173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31489173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31489173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     31489173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31489173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     31489173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.680184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.680184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.680184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.680184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.680184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.680184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11977.277388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11977.277388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11977.277388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11977.277388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11977.277388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11977.277388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        48011                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        48011                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21418417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21418417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21418417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21418417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21418417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21418417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 191650016549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 191650016549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 191650016549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 191650016549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 191650016549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191650016549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.680184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.680184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.680184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8947.907614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8947.907614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8947.907614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8947.907614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8947.907614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8947.907614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16538877                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.687269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               255472878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16539389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.446331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.687269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148466277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148466277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    105765354                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     105765354                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    254231631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       254231631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    254231631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      254231631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24709291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24709291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5027137                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5027137                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29736428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29736428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29736428                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29736428                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 727636615846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 727636615846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150940730228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 150940730228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 878577346074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 878577346074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 878577346074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 878577346074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    173175568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173175568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    110792491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    110792491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    283968059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    283968059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    283968059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    283968059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29447.895362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29447.895362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30025.187344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30025.187344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29545.490335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29545.490335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29545.490335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29545.490335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11660171                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         11660171                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11961346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11961346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12013008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12013008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12013008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12013008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12747945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12747945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4975475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4975475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17723420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17723420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17723420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17723420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 277988141845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 277988141845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130548314857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 130548314857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 408536456702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 408536456702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 408536456702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 408536456702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9211840223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9211840223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12673361867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12673361867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21885202090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21885202090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21806.506213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21806.506213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26238.362138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26238.362138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23050.655951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23050.655951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23050.655951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23050.655951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2492287597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       207359378                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    207359378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     23061852                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    132445408                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        93023179                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    836596819                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             946683865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          207359378                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     93023179                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            313900256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       78727390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          11039218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1142599575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4375329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1298858                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          204                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        154067592                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     14460858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          88969                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2364854668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.802257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.250946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2056735742     86.97%     86.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24198726      1.02%     87.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15838938      0.67%     88.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19696257      0.83%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21758458      0.92%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19844188      0.84%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17467063      0.74%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23323519      0.99%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       165991777      7.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2364854668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.083200                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.379845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       811057770                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1195671293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        291810303                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11270893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      55044409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1868926548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          786                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      55044409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       845540919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      841579514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    230337980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        267536035                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    124815811                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1826818277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1768542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      52159309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     61063524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2353413                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2041699784                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4651588229                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4347636510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303951719                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1549980757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       491719138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3676547                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3789519                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        284818000                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    205631282                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    130051399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15269745                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14056900                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1664705512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6442655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1565882005                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9213444                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    270835306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    395421402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1944713                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2364854668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.358559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1714186230     72.49%     72.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    255723299     10.81%     83.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    157782683      6.67%     89.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     89882900      3.80%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62356646      2.64%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44938607      1.90%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30695333      1.30%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7658737      0.32%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1630233      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2364854668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3304701     38.44%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12735      0.15%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3060345     35.60%     74.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2218382     25.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33242227      2.12%      2.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1126715809     71.95%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90741374      5.79%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    193594518     12.36%     92.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    121588077      7.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1565882005                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.628291                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8596163                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005490                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5306974105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1794908848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1431705309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215717759                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147239439                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105732313                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1433411335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107824606                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16191158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36563142                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       197867                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       181372                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     20010328                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       117636                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      55044409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      635589859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10756689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1671148167                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     57009015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    205631282                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    130051399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4349767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5598211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       795707                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       181372                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7023056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18668416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25691472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1544949872                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    189206523                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20932133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           309465102                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158229065                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         120258579                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.619892                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1538555270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1537437622                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1025410640                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1769188437                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.616878                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579594                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    298344280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4497942                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23172003                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2310138616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.594253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.630176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1872310983     81.05%     81.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153207572      6.63%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90927369      3.94%     91.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63488563      2.75%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26473362      1.15%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17221517      0.75%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13935486      0.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8926412      0.39%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     63647352      2.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2310138616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    687936812                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1372805648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             279109225                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            169068151                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1573168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         143151236                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91271782                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1298560594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     63647352                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3916876169                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3398331094                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6737512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              127432929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177905837159                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          687936812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1372805648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    687936812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.622844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.622844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.276026                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.276026                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3125925797                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1607768652                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185187476                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96590812                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      612603218                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3187042                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          385872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73567384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77649248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9360941872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1868248871                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11380907591                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9360941872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9360941872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     25272884                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1206561618                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1233649030                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            21057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9195923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9706156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1170117734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        261043752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1450086819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          421569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       157058309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157508230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1224633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155826101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31099642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189451284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155826101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155826101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30205                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            420703                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20084923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20535831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            427126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1224633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155826101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51184564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209987115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68256                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24955268                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       320                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     19287                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                19098                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3332415                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19607                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   25023524                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          326                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9090                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3323326                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           321                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14445                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180399398036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 885150698                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1660047824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1653242473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               443039                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    112045293                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1653242473                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      443039                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4209966478                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1824513985                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             719053                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            365333                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   418769303                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 261349435                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157419868                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178454268827.020996                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1945129208.979003                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
