
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62488                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110370                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33906929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      678910                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1199132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       193408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              273536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    204133387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    525013699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              742524338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    204133387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         204307118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    204133387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    525013699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             742524338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           507                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2214.864053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.218935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          351.169766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.225910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.078429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.349364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.374092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    535.166195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1290.500301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.085735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.130656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.315064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.540738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          486                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1879                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5092                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1778                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1778                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          486                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         2196                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2320                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1803506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121988648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    238446137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      367360316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       850461                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       850461                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73158319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73158319                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1803506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121988648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311604456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       440518635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5122025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1803506                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121988648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311604456                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      440518635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1778                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1778                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             1023                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.413432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.689824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.690127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.442601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.442601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102440.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106088.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102253.686505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102778.507328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102357.290610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29326.241379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29326.241379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103770.665248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103623.681303                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102440.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106088.588235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102253.686505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103009.737521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102565.456345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102440.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106088.588235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102253.686505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103009.737521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102565.456345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  73                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       73                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4845325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1710706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115408853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225598064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347562948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1394064                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1394064                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69291019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69291019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4845325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1710706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115408853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    294889083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    416853967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4845325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1710706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115408853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    294889083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    416853967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.689824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.441570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.710542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96906.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100629.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96738.351215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97240.544828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97084.622346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48071.172414                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48071.172414                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98285.133333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98285.133333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96906.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100629.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96738.351215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97483.994380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97282.139323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96906.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100629.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96738.351215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97483.994380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97282.139323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1971.646076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           15.984525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.373989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.414376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.349861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    548.287664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1362.235690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              73                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   73                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2317                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3568                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4677025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1651506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111113828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217692672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335135031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66868846                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66868846                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4677025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1651506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111113828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    284561518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       402003877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4677025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1651506                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111113828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    284561518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      402003877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           73                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               73                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.994149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.413793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.995111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.995111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93540.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97147.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94564.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93954.541217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93927.979540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94849.426950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94715.079320                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93540.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97147.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94564.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94163.308405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94057.996490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93540.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97147.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94564.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94163.308405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94057.996490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3978301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1416121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94610248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185101725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285106395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56888016                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56888016                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3978301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1416121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94610248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241989741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    341994411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3978301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1416121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94610248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241989741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    341994411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79566.020000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83301.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80519.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79888.530427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80108.568418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80692.221277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80692.221277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79566.020000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83301.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80519.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80076.022833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80205.068246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79566.020000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83301.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80519.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80076.022833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80205.068246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1171                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               350.576045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.223740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.408389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   350.167656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.683921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.684719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31900                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31918                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31900                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31918                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2026                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164785986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164785986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164785986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164785986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164785986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164785986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81375.795556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81335.629812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81375.795556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81335.629812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81375.795556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81335.629812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130417517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130417517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130417517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130417517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130417517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130417517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77675.709946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77675.709946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77675.709946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77675.709946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77675.709946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77675.709946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          197                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.599708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.258883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019269702000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.540702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.059006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.096294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.566188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.662482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          238                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4580297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4580297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4580297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4580297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4580297                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4580297                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19573.918803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19244.945378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19573.918803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19244.945378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19573.918803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19244.945378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3833305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3833305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3833305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16381.645299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16381.645299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16381.645299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16381.645299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16381.645299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16381.645299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2598                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.488774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.775597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126474300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.676277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.812496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.905548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2647                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2647                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33903078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33903078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33903078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33903078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33903078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33903078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.549844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.549969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.549844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.549969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.549844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.549969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12832.353520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.114091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12832.353520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.114091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12832.353520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12808.114091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           16                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           16                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25725015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25725015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25725015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25725015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25725015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25725015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.549844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.549844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.549844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9736.947388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9736.947388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9736.947388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9736.947388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9736.947388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9736.947388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  4967                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               241.638308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   58620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  4967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 11.801892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019140503936                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.224746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   241.413562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.943022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.943900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21710                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21710                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        64259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           64262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        64259                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          64262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1086                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        10456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         10459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        10456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        10459                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    725390317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    725390317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83176843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83176843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    808567160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    808567160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    808567160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    808567160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        74715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        74721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        74715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        74721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.180510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047598                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.139974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.139974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77407.994558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77391.477328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76660.684793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76590.094843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77330.447590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77308.266565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77330.447590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77308.266565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1761                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1761                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263023778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263023778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78998616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78998616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342022394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342022394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342022394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342022394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047335                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62594.901951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62594.901951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73214.658017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73214.658017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64764.702518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64764.702518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64764.702518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64764.702518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106072                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56330                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37189                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23965                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       155160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                262641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56330                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                82654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        496537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1783                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       766311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.016852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          685587     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9003      1.17%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            4941      0.64%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3486      0.45%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5603      0.73%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5507      0.72%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5458      0.71%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3587      0.47%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43139      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       766311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237454                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       504755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            73051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        464733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          168837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         402237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        68586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            68327                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        33869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        443606                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          9100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        20549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          418                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       530272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1157250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1157250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       325278                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2154                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            79097                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66128                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2057                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          998                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            419279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           366457                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2628                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       228197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          706                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       766311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.193762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       615349     80.30%     80.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        58612      7.65%     87.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        35138      4.59%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22091      2.88%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16075      2.10%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10163      1.33%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6381      0.83%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2121      0.28%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          381      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       766311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            777     33.52%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           839     36.19%     69.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          702     30.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3092      0.84%      0.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       276551     75.47%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        58975     16.09%     92.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27839      7.60%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        366457                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.331314                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2318                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1505550                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       565178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       353748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        365683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22453                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7591                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         359623                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4242                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       421462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66128                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       358962                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        56881                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           36774                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27255                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.324538                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                354694                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               353748                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           244869                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           392768                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319824                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.623444                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       150050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       742020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.365496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       653760     88.11%     88.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        34571      4.66%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13023      1.76%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14062      1.90%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6906      0.93%     97.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3174      0.43%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2595      0.35%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2094      0.28%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11835      1.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       742020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       152460                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        271205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66453                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                43658                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             29809                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           270827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150498                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             867319                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 339761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             152460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               271205                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       152460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.254834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.254834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.137839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.137839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          717124                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         410783                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167022                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.147116                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1147115502900                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6166882772505                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24654                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46060                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32992340                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4667772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34769.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   857204417                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1601463709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3536192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       151872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       978688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10300864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15038336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       978688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         978688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11025408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11025408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       160951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               234974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         172272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              172272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        21982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3082682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       853173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      8979797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13109696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       853173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            853173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9611419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9611419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9611419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        21982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3082682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       853173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      8979797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              22721116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   103105                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.470489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   103119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.532569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020596610000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.110069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.360420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.960026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8226                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8226                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26884                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26884                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103892                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99314                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101042                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4578848710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4579925710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128160784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6684291000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6812451784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    129237784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11263139710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11392377494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    129237784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11263139710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11392377494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.924717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 39888.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44084.616666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44083.526258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 74167.120370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67304.619691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67421.980800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73639.762963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55434.566121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55590.470561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73639.762963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55434.566121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55590.470561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       483300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10506.521739                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56759                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56759                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       740400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3298043901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298784301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    107358400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5459017902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5566376302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    108098800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8757061803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8865160603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    108098800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8757061803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8865160603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923508                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27422.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31753.178655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31752.053103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 62128.703704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54967.254385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55089.728054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61594.757835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43100.230846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43258.613032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61594.757835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43100.230846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43258.613032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27940619                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4060.675536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        67860999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27944682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.428405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024429187600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          510.185333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.266676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.491317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2706.629990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    738.097515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.124557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.180200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.991376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17758811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4820843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21396310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13613523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               57589487                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        12158559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             12158559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       954480                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              954480                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2453284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2453284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17758811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4820843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21396310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     16066807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                60042771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17758811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4820843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21396310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16066807                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               60042771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       180243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19443704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6095816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             26060448                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        43785                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             43785                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1924025                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1924025                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       180243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19443704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8019841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27984473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340685                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       180243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19443704                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8019841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27984473                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7677144938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3891126650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 429802155505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152885869282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   594256296375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2247944127                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2247944127                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56166881235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  56166881235                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7677144938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3891126650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 429802155505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209052750517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    650423177610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7677144938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3891126650                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 429802155505                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209052750517                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   650423177610                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18099496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5001086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40840014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19709339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           83649935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     12158559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         12158559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       998265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          998265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4377309                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4377309                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18099496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5001086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40840014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24086648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            88027244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18099496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5001086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40840014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24086648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           88027244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.311542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.043861                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.439545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.317907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.317907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22534.437789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21588.226172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22104.952611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25080.459988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22802.996187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51340.507640                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51340.507640                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29192.386396                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29192.386396                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22534.437789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21588.226172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22104.952611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26066.944534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23242.287879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22534.437789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21588.226172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22104.952611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26066.944534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23242.287879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4054354                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4054354                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       179223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19443703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6095815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26057528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43785                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        43785                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1924025                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1924025                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       179223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19443703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8019840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27981553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       179223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19443703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8019840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27981553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5831889832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2899226498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 319714192710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119391739368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 447837048408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2292878906                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2292878906                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45365933243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45365933243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5831889832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2899226498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 319714192710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164757672611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 493202981651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5831889832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2899226498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 319714192710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164757672611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 493202981651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10762788968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10762788968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15984934686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15984934686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26747723654                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26747723654                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043861                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043861                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.317874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17214.030739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16176.643054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16443.071194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19585.853470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17186.474803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52366.767295                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52366.767295                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23578.661006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.661006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17214.030739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16176.643054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16443.071194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20543.760550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17626.004591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17214.030739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16176.643054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16443.071194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20543.760550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17626.004591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        178089                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32381.352307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29806843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        210600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        141.532968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18030.061157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.049084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.015847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   459.285304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   156.059870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5613.619476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8122.259518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.550234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.171314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.247872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.988200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       336414                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178512                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19428403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5944770                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25888099                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4054354                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4054354                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1069                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1069                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1744749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1744749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       336414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19428403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7689519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27632848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       336414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178512                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19428403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7689519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27632848                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       151045                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               169429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74473                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74473                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       147519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             147519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       298564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                316948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       298564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               316948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    220012315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66093486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1430606582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8904628925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10621341308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1841145379                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1841145379                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13236221219                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13236221219                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    220012315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66093486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1430606582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22140850144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23857562527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    220012315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66093486                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1430606582                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22140850144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23857562527                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       179223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19443703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6095815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           26057528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4054354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4054354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75542                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           75542                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1892268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1892268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       179223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19443703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7988083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27949796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       179223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19443703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7988083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27949796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.985849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.077959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92714.839865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92958.489451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93503.698170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58953.483565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62689.039704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24722.320559                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24722.320559                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89725.535145                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89725.535145                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92714.839865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92958.489451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93503.698170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74157.802495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75272.797200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92714.839865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92958.489451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93503.698170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74157.802495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75272.797200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              115513                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   115513                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       151045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74473                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74473                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       147519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        147519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           316948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          316948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186752381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56106663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1214895527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6779483930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8237238501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3808097775                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3808097775                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11127483708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11127483708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186752381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56106663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1214895527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17906967638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19364722209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186752381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56106663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1214895527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17906967638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19364722209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9591027477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9591027477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14235659679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14235659679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23826687156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23826687156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78698.854193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78912.324895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.936405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44883.868582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48617.642204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51133.938139                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51133.938139                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75430.850995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75430.850995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78698.854193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78912.324895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.936405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59976.981947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61097.474062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78698.854193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78912.324895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.936405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59976.981947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61097.474062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                32326760                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         43591                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 19807233                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12519527                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          21796                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          21796                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22600                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40840023                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               141384521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40840535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.461868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141365822                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      141365822                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141365822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       141365822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141365822                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      141365822                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     45036830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     45036830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     45036830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      45036830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     45036830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     45036830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012239779575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1012239779575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012239779575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1012239779575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012239779575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1012239779575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    186402652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186402652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    186402652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    186402652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    186402652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    186402652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.241610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22475.822112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22475.822112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22475.822112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22475.822112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22475.822112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22475.822112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       334326                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41790.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4196792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4196792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4196792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4196792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4196792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4196792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40840038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40840038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40840038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40840038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40840038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40840038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 795237816410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 795237816410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 795237816410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 795237816410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 795237816410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 795237816410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.219096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.219096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.219096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19472.014605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19472.014605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19472.014605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19472.014605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19472.014605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19472.014605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      5003463                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4538759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      5003479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.907121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4538280                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4538280                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4538280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4538280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4538280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4538280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      5004189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      5004189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      5004189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  88673747362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88673747362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  88673747362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  88673747362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  88673747362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  88673747362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9542469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9542469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9542469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9542469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9542469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9542469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.524412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.524412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.524412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17719.903737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17719.903737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17719.903737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17719.903737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17719.903737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17719.903737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        33783                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        33783                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5004189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5004189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5004189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  73375246831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  73375246831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  73375246831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73375246831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  73375246831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73375246831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.524412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14662.764902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14662.764902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14662.764902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14662.764902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14662.764902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14662.764902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18104906                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5187255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18104922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.286511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5186945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5186945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5186945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5186945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5186945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5186945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18115821                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18115821                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18115821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18115821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18115821                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18115821                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 303472767162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 303472767162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 303472767162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 303472767162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 303472767162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 303472767162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23302766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23302766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23302766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23302766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23302766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23302766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.777411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.777411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.777411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16751.808663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16751.808663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16751.808663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16751.808663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16751.808663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16751.808663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        35238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        35238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18115821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18115821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18115821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18115821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18115821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18115821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 248247697219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 248247697219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 248247697219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 248247697219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 248247697219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 248247697219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13703.364436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13703.364436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13703.364436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13703.364436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13703.364436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13703.364436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              24048692                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.585845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               273361124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              24048948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 11.366864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.585845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    174735960                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      174735960                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     97509388                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      97509388                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    272245348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       272245348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    272245348                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      272245348                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     30072663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     30072663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5435361                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5435361                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     35508024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      35508024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     35508024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     35508024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 759190089700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 759190089700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132515126789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 132515126789                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 891705216489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 891705216489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 891705216489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 891705216489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204808623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    204808623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102944749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102944749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307753372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    307753372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307753372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    307753372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.146833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.115378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.115378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25245.189949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25245.189949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24380.188692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24380.188692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25112.780607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25112.780607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25112.780607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25112.780607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12089542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         12089542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10342943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10342943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        98324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        98324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10441267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10441267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10441267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10441267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19729720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19729720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5337037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5337037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25066757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25066757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25066757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25066757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 421284595703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 421284595703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111986723996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 111986723996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 533271319699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 533271319699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 533271319699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 533271319699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11235825216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11235825216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16612035759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16612035759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27847860975                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27847860975                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21352.791408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.791408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20982.939409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20982.939409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21274.045131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21274.045131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21274.045131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21274.045131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3406317879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       239135496                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    239135496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43566492                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    204000597                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       107734581                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1514331592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1097227871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          239135496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    107734581                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            341472572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      165269956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          91996799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     450930135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       855836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2162248                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        186402660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30092624                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1319180                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2521797286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.812929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.254637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2189257787     86.81%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20372056      0.81%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15160016      0.60%     88.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        27403248      1.09%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23758983      0.94%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28833703      1.14%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        20402708      0.81%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        17351669      0.69%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       179257116      7.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2521797286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070204                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.322116                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1581453925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    498486911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        314890395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6918007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     120048048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1985148109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1427                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     120048048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1604293989                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      168319095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    278826552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        297669621                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     52639981                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1901360958                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       819436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       9101946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     34797348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       273811                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2063975317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4729789712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4729694052                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        95660                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1204585957                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       859389367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6299070                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6353615                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        159907567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    269864943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    166231958                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     18935729                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     17137365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1762522599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9087056                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1577631486                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9770974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    629976740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    839091915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3386375                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2521797286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.625598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.391510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1924206273     76.30%     76.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    208563261      8.27%     84.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    130430851      5.17%     89.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88384838      3.50%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     71654880      2.84%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49661895      1.97%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36217391      1.44%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10604508      0.42%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2073389      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2521797286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4438888     41.45%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4075995     38.06%     79.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2193977     20.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18794596      1.19%      1.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1169732175     74.14%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242938723     15.40%     90.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    146165992      9.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1577631486                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.463149                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10708860                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006788                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5704372159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2402106771                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1498815264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41778                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        27478                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20559                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1569524811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20939                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     26291424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    105365164                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       521114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       574025                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     63254864                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       208747                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     120048048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       95262816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2670959                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1771609655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30246890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    269864943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    166231958                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7978708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1431403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        87425                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       574025                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14512495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     34185757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48698252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1530114871                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    231358613                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47516617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           371799326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       160648700                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         140440713                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.449199                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1501745305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1498835823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        943410956                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1456410126                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.440016                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647765                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    687035942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5700681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43812950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2402655341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.451418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.412817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2051951344     85.40%     85.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    125067777      5.21%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     56104946      2.34%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     61041151      2.54%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     32422128      1.35%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14558205      0.61%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11293029      0.47%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7770359      0.32%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42446402      1.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2402655341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586670047                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084602562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267476869                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164499776                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577581                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125538701                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1080023076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     42446402                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4130536832                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3663810257                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26725769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              884520593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            35992530                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586670047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084602562                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586670047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.806190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.806190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.172230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.172230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2916753490                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1608822476                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20559                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      722179236                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5354387                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2850901040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       514060763                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3368751907                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2850901040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2850901040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358473793                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       366038229                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        356362630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81403002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           438002499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51706161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51887486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2401878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       822564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        73220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2485278102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          448133393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2936715526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2485278102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2485278102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3281469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3312842                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         312500173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            319094484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3287836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5714720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       822564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        73220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2485278102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         760633566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3255810009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               32326760                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        43591                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12519527                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                19807233                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         21796                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         21796                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              22459                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3444781682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 269139968                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   514390942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           512672127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36684553                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  512672127                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1321906651                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        567321709                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133331030                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81488895                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51842135                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2843144993.988958                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             601636688.011042                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.174652                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.825348                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
