
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   112358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35306842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519446                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225649992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              982306081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225649992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1289649319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.295693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046362000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.295693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1767400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11329.487179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1659                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1434.954699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.174804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.867165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.071088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.202811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.137364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.908383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    988.168142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    328.599824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.043880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.482504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.160449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.700661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2447                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             508                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  508                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2447                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4211                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215625851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76191496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295573448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34136860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34136860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215625851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110328356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       329710308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215625851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110328356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      329710308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.758140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.446857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.851662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.852792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.467097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.467097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87067.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74587.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86840.858236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93486.498160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88099.388376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102513.093093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101597.797619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87067.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74587.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86840.858236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96104.839721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89328.178813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87067.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74587.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86840.858236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96104.839721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89328.178813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 115                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      115                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3101959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201846370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71738132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277099747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32287073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32287073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3101959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201846370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104025205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309386820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3101959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201846370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104025205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309386820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3828548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3828548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11333802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11333802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.758140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.851662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.465072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81630.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81291.329037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88022.247853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82914.346798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96958.177177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96958.177177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81630.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81291.329037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90614.290070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84186.889796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81630.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81291.329037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90614.290070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84186.889796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1762.438442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           19.653625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.853274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.908785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.273061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             115                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  115                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          692                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2708                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186921020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67192744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257362731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31140221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31140221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186921020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98332965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288502952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186921020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98332965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288502952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          115                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              115                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.849080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.807154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.997024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.824438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.824438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95962.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.955307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97099.341040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95037.936115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93795.846386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92955.883582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95962.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.955307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96028.286133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94808.725600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95962.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.955307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96028.286133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94808.725600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159245418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57587361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219607995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26392431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26392431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159245418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83979792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246000426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159245418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83979792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246000426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3409333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3409333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10120933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10120933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.849080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.820103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82053.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80876.291519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83218.729769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81487.196660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79495.274096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79495.274096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82053.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80876.291519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82011.515625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81268.723489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82053.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80876.291519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82011.515625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81268.723489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3344                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.302251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.220096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049575300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.004975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21051                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4544                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4544                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4547                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300230343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300230343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300230343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300230343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300230343                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300230343                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66071.818442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66028.225863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66071.818442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66028.225863                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66071.818442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66028.225863                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235183645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235183645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235183645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235183645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235183645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235183645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61039.098105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61039.098105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           75                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.087508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           75                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.786667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.748088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1481572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1481572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1481572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1481572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1481572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1481572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18754.075949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17227.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18754.075949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17227.581395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18754.075949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17227.581395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1232631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1232631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1232631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.924051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.924051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2476                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.110856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.020219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2492                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2492                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31557987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31557987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31557987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31557987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31557987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31557987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.888414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.282784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12663.718700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.282784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12663.718700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.282784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12663.718700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23902464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23902464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23902464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9614.828640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9614.828640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   955                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.268121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   20553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.521466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083129570300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.268192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27374                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16166                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16170                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43540                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144662452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144662452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37917142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37917142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    182579594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    182579594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    182579594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    182579594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78027.212513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78027.212513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91809.060533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91146.975962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80537.977062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80431.539207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80537.977062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80431.539207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          508                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              508                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82063606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82063606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35361531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35361531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117425137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117425137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117425137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117425137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3998450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3998450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11790149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11790149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76267.291822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76267.291822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88183.369077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88183.369077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38163                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28952                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15039                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        159126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          841                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25595                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             22                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.836892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.304470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353523     87.00%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2514      0.62%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1929      0.47%     88.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2861      0.70%     88.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3909      0.96%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3783      0.93%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5078      1.25%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2020      0.50%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30746      7.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          169149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       168691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        327000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173351                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52782                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        311147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340776                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       769670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       769580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            289396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259381                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          792                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.414659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310570     76.43%     76.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31611      7.78%     84.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20016      4.93%     89.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16257      4.00%     93.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11369      2.80%     95.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8649      2.13%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5444      1.34%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1994      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          453      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            508     40.19%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           396     31.33%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          360     28.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2936      1.13%      1.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199350     76.86%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35476     13.68%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21609      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259381                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335668                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1264                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       928675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       385415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14719                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8341                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92077                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          678                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291002                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           242                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1126                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6206                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251717                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33586                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25556                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20608                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325750                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160130                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250970                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319490                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638044                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.405585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323548     83.21%     83.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24267      6.24%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12414      3.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10047      2.58%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6012      1.55%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3064      0.79%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1666      0.43%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2443      0.63%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5356      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103712                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41791                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25166                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20559                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5356                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              674310                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             599703                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97701                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.450739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.450739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          484239                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268413                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110056                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           659                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048994746150                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132502370929                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43576                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84006                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1674851830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4725592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35853.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1562357812                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3011891644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2260032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     47495424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            53461312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2260032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2260032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     35647360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         35647360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        35313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       742116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               835333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         556990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              556990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        37636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       790945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 890295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        37636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             37636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           593638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                593638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           593638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        37636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       790945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1483933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   286577                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.890374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   286592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.049911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.840463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            67                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               67                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       409702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          413232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73852                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        432354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           487084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       432354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          487084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    510907664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47452240341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47963148005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8981562600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    970222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9951784600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9492470264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48422462341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57914932605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9492470264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48422462341                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57914932605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       409885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        413415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       432604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         487334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       432604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        487334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144733.049292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115821.353913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116068.329667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175421.144531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42831.626346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134753.081839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173441.810049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111997.257666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118901.324217                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173441.810049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111997.257666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118901.324217                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    409797936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47709                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8589.531032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       409702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       413232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       432354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       487084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       432354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       487084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    467931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42506259800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42974190800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8364435700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    684944400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9049380100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8832366700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43191204200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52023570900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8832366700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43191204200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52023570900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132558.356941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103749.212354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103995.312077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163367.884766                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30237.700865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122533.988247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161380.718071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99897.778672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106806.158486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161380.718071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99897.778672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106806.158486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      13767597                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2004.755717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        38160749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      13769608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.771375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6053156651700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          573.678429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   102.961976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.511535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    626.162429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    701.441345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.280116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.050274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.305743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.342501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.978885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19114386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312246                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7762244                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4468973                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               31657849                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8525746                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8525746                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1674592                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1674592                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1240617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1240617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19114386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7762244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5709590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                32898466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19114386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312246                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7762244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5709590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               32898466                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528646                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4941386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6262606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             11739575                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112796                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            112796                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1985466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1985466                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4941386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8248072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              13725041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528646                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6937                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4941386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8248072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             13725041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11451855293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    195732272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 111391397958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185204531991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   308243517514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2301091228                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2301091228                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90440439761                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  90440439761                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11451855293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    195732272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 111391397958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 275644971752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    398683957275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11451855293                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    195732272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 111391397958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 275644971752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   398683957275                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19643032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12703630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10731579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           43397424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8525746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8525746                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1787388                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1787388                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3226083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3226083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19643032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12703630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13957662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            46623507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19643032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12703630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13957662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           46623507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.270513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063107                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.063107                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.615442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.615442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.294380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.294380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21662.615991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28215.694392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22542.541295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29573.077404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26256.786767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20400.468350                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20400.468350                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45551.240747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45551.240747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21662.615991                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28215.694392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22542.541295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33419.321722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29047.924686                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21662.615991                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28215.694392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22542.541295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33419.321722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29047.924686                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             6068438                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  6068438                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4941366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6262606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11739541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112796                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       112796                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1985466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1985466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4941366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8248072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         13725007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4941366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8248072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        13725007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8624690262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    158185511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83324863724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150663453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 242771192497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9503419317                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9503419317                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79191298128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79191298128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8624690262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    158185511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83324863724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229854751128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 321962490625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8624690262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    158185511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83324863724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229854751128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 321962490625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8523993349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8523993349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11790140666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11790140666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20314134015                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20314134015                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063107                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063107                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.615442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.294380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.021712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16314.895916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22826.192063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16862.718472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24057.629204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20679.785734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84253.158951                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84253.158951                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39885.496970                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39885.496970                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16314.895916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22826.192063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16862.718472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27867.694551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23458.093000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16314.895916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22826.192063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16862.718472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27867.694551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23458.093000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        751268                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32385.966328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17020101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        783764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         21.715849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18452.895158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.660861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   137.366094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    24.462521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2365.452902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11401.096260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.563138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.072188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.347934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.988341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6422                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4906052                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5799283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               11238235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6068438                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              6068438                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5468                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5468                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1391375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1391375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4906052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7190658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                12629610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4906052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7190658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               12629610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        35314                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       463323                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               501306                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       300924                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            300924                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       400495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             400495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        35314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       863818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                901801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        35314                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       863818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               901801                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200576883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47229128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3309792061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42732313132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    46289911204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1097649335                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1097649335                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36983501851                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  36983501851                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200576883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47229128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3309792061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79715814983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     83273413055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200576883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47229128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3309792061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79715814983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    83273413055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4941366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6262606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           11739541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6068438                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          6068438                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       306392                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          306392                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1791870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1791870                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4941366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8054476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            13531411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4941366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8054476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           13531411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.042702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.982154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.223507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.223507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.066645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.066645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92816.697362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92970.724409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93724.643512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92230.070884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92338.633896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3647.596519                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3647.596519                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92344.478336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92344.478336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92816.697362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92970.724409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93724.643512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92283.114016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92341.229445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92816.697362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92970.724409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93724.643512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92283.114016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92341.229445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              501709                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   501709                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        35314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       463323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          501306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       300924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       300924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       400495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        400495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        35314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       863818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           901801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        35314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       863818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          901801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170268269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40108021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2811752257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36219727540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39241856087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22790408992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22790408992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31201115162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31201115162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170268269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40108021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2811752257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67420842702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70442971249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170268269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40108021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2811752257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67420842702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70442971249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7643070249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7643070249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10482384765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10482384765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18125455014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18125455014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.223507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.066645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78791.424803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78952.797244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79621.460526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78173.817272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78279.246781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75734.766891                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75734.766891                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77906.378761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77906.378761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78791.424803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78952.797244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79621.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78049.823808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78113.653954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78791.424803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78952.797244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79621.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78049.823808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78113.653954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24333632                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68012                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18819                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        328                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   254                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18631                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3250898                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19147                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24401644                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           319                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3241837                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9061                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            313                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18556                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12703630                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.985883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137118014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12704142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.793174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.985883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137109725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137109725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137109725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137109725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137109725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137109725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13435592                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13435592                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13435592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13435592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13435592                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13435592                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258311570618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 258311570618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258311570618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 258311570618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258311570618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 258311570618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    150545317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    150545317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    150545317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    150545317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    150545317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    150545317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19225.916552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19225.916552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19225.916552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19225.916552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19225.916552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19225.916552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       317663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39707.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       731952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       731952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       731952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       731952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       731952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       731952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12703640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12703640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12703640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12703640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12703640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12703640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 200840369963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 200840369963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 200840369963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 200840369963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 200840369963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 200840369963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15809.671083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15809.671083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15809.671083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15809.671083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15809.671083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15809.671083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       319233                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.979618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        359522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       319249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.126149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083936999300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.979611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       359156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       359156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       359156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       359156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       359156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       359156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319440                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       319440                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       319440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       319440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5695427414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5695427414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5695427414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5695427414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5695427414                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5695427414                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       678596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       678596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       678596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       678596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       678596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       678596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.470737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.470737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.470737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.470737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.470737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.470737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17829.412140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17829.412140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17829.412140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17829.412140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17829.412140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17829.412140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           74                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       319440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4721814783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4721814783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4721814783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4721814783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4721814783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4721814783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.470737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.470737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.470737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14781.538890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14781.538890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14781.538890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14781.538890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14781.538890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14781.538890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     19648511                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10372262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     19648527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.527890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10371941                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10371941                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10371941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10371941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10371941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10371941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19650081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     19650081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19650081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     19650081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19650081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     19650081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231586558323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 231586558323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231586558323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 231586558323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231586558323                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 231586558323                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30022022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30022022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30022022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30022022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30022022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30022022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.654522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.654522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.654522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.654522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.654522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.654522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11785.526906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11785.526906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11785.526906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11785.526906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11785.526906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11785.526906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5452                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5452                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19650081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     19650081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19650081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     19650081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19650081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     19650081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171734747267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 171734747267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171734747267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 171734747267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171734747267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 171734747267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.654522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.654522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.654522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.654522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8739.645769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8739.645769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8739.645769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8739.645769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8739.645769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8739.645769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              13936509                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.998922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               252464280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              13937021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.114652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.023475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.975448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    147100029                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      147100029                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103490571                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103490571                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    250590600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       250590600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    250590600                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      250590600                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22301448                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22301448                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5032432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5032432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27333880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      27333880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27333880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     27333880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 752317007845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 752317007845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150520362313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 150520362313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 902837370158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 902837370158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 902837370158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 902837370158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169401477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169401477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108523003                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108523003                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277924480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    277924480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277924480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    277924480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046372                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33733.998252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33733.998252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29910.063825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29910.063825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33029.974894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33029.974894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33029.974894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33029.974894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8520220                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8520220                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11565138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11565138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        32828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        32828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11597966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11597966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11597966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11597966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10736310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10736310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4999604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4999604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15735914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15735914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15735914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15735914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 278790508767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 278790508767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130245143525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 130245143525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 409035652292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 409035652292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 409035652292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 409035652292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8872020883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8872020883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12267327131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12267327131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21139348014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21139348014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25967.069577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25967.069577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26051.091951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26051.091951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25993.765109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25993.765109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25993.765109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25993.765109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2521844129                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       202091677                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    202091677                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22218973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131428852                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91344933                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    833217522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             923597327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          202091677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91344933                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            306288963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       74540170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           7494094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1105216528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5499498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1210126                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          168                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        150545324                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13344385                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          82785                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2310681492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.801870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.249953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2009976447     86.99%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        22935827      0.99%     87.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15749579      0.68%     88.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19165170      0.83%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21640997      0.94%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19406608      0.84%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17182252      0.74%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        22752322      0.98%     92.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       161872290      7.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2310681492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.080136                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       805102909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1158480332                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        284299453                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11044205                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      51754593                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1821955562                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      51754593                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       838518854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      807844652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    230240654                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        260847283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    121475456                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1780057296                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1537655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49861196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     60895720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1658904                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1992351924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4532025082                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4228276931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303748151                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1531781848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       460570194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3543060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3621521                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        281230608                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    200274683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    125961060                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13944625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11928140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1629226490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6253889                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1535289586                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8691856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    253419430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    374537053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1847751                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2310681492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.664432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.365323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1675923412     72.53%     72.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    248185981     10.74%     83.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    153749424      6.65%     89.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87409297      3.78%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61409864      2.66%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43542728      1.88%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30953294      1.34%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7755930      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1751562      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2310681492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3158224     36.15%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12691      0.15%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3330383     38.12%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2235721     25.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     32674347      2.13%      2.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1105216959     71.99%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90690895      5.91%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188808391     12.30%     92.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    117898994      7.68%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1535289586                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.608796                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8737019                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5191186325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1742234497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1401599110                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215390420                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    146792172                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105594520                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1403685893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107666365                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15718789                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34056737                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       195620                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       142360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     18175369                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       108791                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      51754593                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      616652795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10402983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1635480379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     51807029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    200274683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    125961060                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4181431                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5381680                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       768548                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       142360                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6886908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     17956367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     24843275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1514456167                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    184956269                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20833419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           301547662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155591947                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         116591393                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.600535                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1508245380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1507193630                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1005732060                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1733508407                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.597655                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580171                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    279723172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4406138                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22314659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2259250560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.600076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.629593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1822440525     80.67%     80.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    154645142      6.84%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90459318      4.00%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64508735      2.86%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25702961      1.14%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17314077      0.77%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13646551      0.60%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8894900      0.39%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     61638351      2.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2259250560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    679182168                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1355722626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274003652                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166217957                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1533440                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141571508                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91271402                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1281524865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     61638351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3832306829                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3323642030                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7568634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              211162637                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177804222792                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          679182168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1355722626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    679182168                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.713060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.713060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.269320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.269320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3066159494                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1576794112                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185023646                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96534047                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      598204246                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3129677                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          378204                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72201424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77627424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9329393800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1862293510                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11342008706                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9329393800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9329393800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24643824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203934785                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230393137                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9025178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1166174225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260123981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1445049612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          411102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156680697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157120151                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1202375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155363030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31012901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188879244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155363030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155363030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            410395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20049208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20489821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            416694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1202375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155363030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51062109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209369064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68012                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24333632                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       328                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18819                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18631                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3250898                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19147                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24401644                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          319                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9061                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3241837                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           313                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13802                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327304095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 882114343                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1654291726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1647515003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               441751                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111545818                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1647515003                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      441751                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4194991837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1817485820                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             716551                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            363983                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417467282                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260427674                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157039608                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178388840692.838715                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1938463402.161297                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010750                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989250                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
