
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28967                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15280882                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    18.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              882396143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433473243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        194444973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             194444973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        194444973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1076841116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      895                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.335179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971062961000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.335179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.520949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.520949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    157599888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157599888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158242888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    158242888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158242888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    158242888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42866.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42866.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175892.732143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175892.732143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1001800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10889.130435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       458100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       458100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146806300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146806300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147264400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147264400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163846.316964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163846.316964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           14                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           223                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1689.257208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              48                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.215247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           70.855666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.196261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.374846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1117.652066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    464.178446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.272864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.113325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.412416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             493                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  493                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205127695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86494441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295605708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28807551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28807551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205127695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115301992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324413259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205127695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115301992                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324413259                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.697890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.391559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.811594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.410403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.410403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105036.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102512.591204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104588.199516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102783.625869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102884.110714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102884.110714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105036.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102512.591204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104157.174345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102792.540875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105036.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102512.591204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104157.174345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102792.540875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2987005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194080233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81968129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279817905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27252151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27252151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2987005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194080233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109220280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307070056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2987005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194080233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109220280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307070056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243182                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243182                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.697890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.409233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99566.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96991.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99115.029021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97599.548308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97329.110714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97329.110714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99566.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96991.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98663.306233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97575.486495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99566.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96991.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98663.306233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97575.486495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1673.475839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.763981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.106263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.972327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1150.396369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    484.236975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.035107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.051070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     52                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     52                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2883405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186816950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78910939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269352132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26127297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26127297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2883405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186816950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105038236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295479429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2883405                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186816950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105038236                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295479429                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.981919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.983513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.983513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96113.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.609582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96823.238037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95379.650142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93983.082734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93983.082734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96113.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.609582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96100.856359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95254.490329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96113.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.609582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96100.856359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95254.490329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159237548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67536974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229870599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22160273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22160273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159237548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89697247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252030872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159237548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89697247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252030872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.980659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82241.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81160.829766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82867.452761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81659.182593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79713.212230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79713.212230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82241.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81160.829766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82065.184812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.278047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82241.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81160.829766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82065.184812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.278047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3118                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.607288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.825850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066339300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.679027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.928261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.855329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288825314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288825314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288825314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    288825314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288825314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    288825314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67783.457874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67751.657049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67783.457874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67751.657049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67783.457874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67751.657049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225399283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225399283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225399283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225399283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225399283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225399283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62127.696527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62127.696527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           86                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.602454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           86                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.953488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.328695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.273759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.600153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2030079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2030079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2030079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2030079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2030079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2030079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.308917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.308917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21596.585106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.649485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21596.585106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.649485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21596.585106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.649485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1732364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1732364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1732364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1732364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1732364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1732364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18429.404255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18429.404255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2417                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.676072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.102193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.731699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.944373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.809023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30694623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30694623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30694623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30694623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30694623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30694623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.532099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.956843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.532099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.956843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.532099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.956843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23198705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23198705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23198705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23198705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23198705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23198705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9546.792181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9546.792181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1030                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               381.645754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   31229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 30.319417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.410558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   381.235196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.744600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.745402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20727                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20727                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2742                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2743                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203563038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203563038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32347947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32347947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235910985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235910985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235910985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235910985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85351.378616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85315.606873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90610.495798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90610.495798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86036.099562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86004.733868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86036.099562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86004.733868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          493                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              493                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93650056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93650056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29990247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29990247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123640303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123640303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123640303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123640303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78962.947723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78962.947723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86928.252174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86928.252174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  817320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49183                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35458                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21511                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                229246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.960665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.438367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386524     84.97%     84.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3048      0.67%     85.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2747      0.60%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3807      0.84%     87.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6157      1.35%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4088      0.90%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6391      1.40%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3376      0.74%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38748      8.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.060176                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.280485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          190335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          195726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          108                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       998036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       997946                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1349                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36424                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1137                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334736                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          955                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.735868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.506698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       332819     73.17%     73.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39545      8.69%     81.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25893      5.69%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19883      4.37%     91.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14798      3.25%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10809      2.38%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7958      1.75%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2677      0.59%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          504      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            897     50.65%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           446     25.18%     75.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          428     24.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4119      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259103     77.41%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44744     13.37%     92.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26760      7.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334736                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.409553                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1771                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1128626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479443                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16252                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9379                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1739                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1845                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8496                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324758                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42503                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33779                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25658                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.397345                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208136                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339229                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.390765                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613556                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.582357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.549468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       349943     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30291      6.97%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16282      3.74%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13193      3.03%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8126      1.87%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3448      0.79%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2306      0.53%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2812      0.65%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8442      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133877                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33173                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27941                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              796771                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761575                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 362434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1922                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.105007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.105007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.163800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.163800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644819                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348457                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139737                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003778309555                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975281087964                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35785                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    67539                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1566493975                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12769.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   456966785                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     862453756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2548608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       564928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7622656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            11827840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       564928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         564928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8778368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8778368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             39822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       119104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               184810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         137162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              137162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              127406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        28241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       381061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 591280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             28241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           438835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                438835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           438835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             127406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        28241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       381061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1030116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    92368                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.834165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    92380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.433774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.830209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.926888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4695                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4695                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        67842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        73763                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          90403                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        141605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           158505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       141605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          158505                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2748795320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2759981320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2928200920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4962527000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7890727920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939386920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7711322320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10650709240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939386920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7711322320                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10650709240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        78541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         78801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        78458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        95098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       156999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       156999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.940159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.950630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.911477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.911477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43023.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40517.604434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40527.169833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175973.612981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67276.642761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87283.916684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173928.220118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54456.568059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67194.784013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173928.220118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54456.568059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67194.784013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21533000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11441.551541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56983                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56983                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::ethernet            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_hits::ethernet            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_hits::ethernet            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        67841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        73763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        90403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       141604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       158504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       141604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       158504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7955400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1904220084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912175484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727651692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4051430701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6779082393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735607092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5955650785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8691257877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735607092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5955650785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8691257877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.940159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30597.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28068.868148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28078.522841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163921.375721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54924.971883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74987.360961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161870.242130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42058.492592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54833.050756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161870.242130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42058.492592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54833.050756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1484648                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4018.533065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        17786107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1488644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         11.947858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1146.565005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.500832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    41.597444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    12.306276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2189.919192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    627.643710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.279923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.534648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.153233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2527457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       160317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10910559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2060735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               15659068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2375702                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2375702                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       100512                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              100512                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       621327                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               621327                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2527457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       160317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10910559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2682062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16280395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2527457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       160317                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10910559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2682062                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16280395                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       749405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       455675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1233556                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             32211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       281354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             281354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       749405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       737029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1514910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       749405                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       737029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1514910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    485452802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    161854337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17000699591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13482226574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    31130233304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1043547137                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1043547137                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16426628422                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16426628422                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    485452802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    161854337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17000699591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29908854996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     47556861726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    485452802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    161854337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17000699591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29908854996                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    47556861726                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11659964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2516410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           16892624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2375702                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2375702                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       132723                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          132723                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       902681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           902681                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11659964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3419091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            17795305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2548889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11659964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3419091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           17795305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242693                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.242693                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.311687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.311687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.085130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.085130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22650.839959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22977.617405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22685.596695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29587.373839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25236.173554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32397.228804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32397.228804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58384.200765                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58384.200765                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22650.839959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22977.617405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22685.596695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40580.296021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31392.532709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22650.839959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22977.617405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22685.596695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40580.296021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31392.532709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              475218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   475218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       749402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       455674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1233552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32211                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32211                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       281354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        281354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       749402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       737028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1514906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       749402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       737028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1514906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    370711846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122793756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12735648592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10946211109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24175365303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1804043250                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1804043250                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14846500154                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14846500154                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    370711846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122793756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12735648592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25792711263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39021865457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    370711846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122793756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12735648592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25792711263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39021865457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4447590450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4447590450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8667711530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8667711530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13115301980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13115301980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242693                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242693                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.311687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.085130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.042089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17297.118608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17432.390119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16994.415003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24022.022562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19598.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56007.055043                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56007.055043                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52768.043653                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52768.043653                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17297.118608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17432.390119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16994.415003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34995.564976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25758.605126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17297.118608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17432.390119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16994.415003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34995.564976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25758.605126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        103372                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32022.985139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1532664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        135703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.294253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21756.734057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.245361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.015997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.201278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.035740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   107.653298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    40.894985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4276.086476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5839.117947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.663963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.130496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.178196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.977264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21052                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       740574                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       372551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1141120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          475218                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               475218                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          425                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 425                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       144414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               144414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       740574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       516965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1285534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       740574                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       516965                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1285534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                92432                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53290                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       115436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             115436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       198559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                207868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       198559                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               207868                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35409856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9436336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    825636448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4325506911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5195989551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    810475833                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    810475833                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10153932387                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10153932387                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35409856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9436336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    825636448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14479439298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15349921938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35409856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9436336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    825636448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14479439298                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15349921938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       749402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       455674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1233552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       475218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           475218                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           53715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       259850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           259850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       749402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       715524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1493402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       749402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       715524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1493402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.074932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992088                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.992088                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.444241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.139191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.139191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93183.831579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93429.069307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93524.744903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52037.425394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56214.185033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15208.779002                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15208.779002                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87961.575133                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87961.575133                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93183.831579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93429.069307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93524.744903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72922.603851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73844.564522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93183.831579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93429.069307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93524.744903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72922.603851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73844.564522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               80179                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    80179                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53290                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53290                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       115436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        115436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       198559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           207868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       198559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          207868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30089768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8020644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    701182166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3157433635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3896726213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2927297623                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2927297623                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8489381729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8489381729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30089768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8020644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    701182166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11646815364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12386107942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30089768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8020644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    701182166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11646815364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12386107942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3964599832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3964599832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7721763527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7721763527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11686363359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11686363359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992088                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992088                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79412.316832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79427.069098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37985.077957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42157.761522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54931.462244                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54931.462244                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73541.890996                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73541.890996                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79412.316832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79427.069098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58656.698331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59586.410328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79412.316832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79427.069098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58656.698331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59586.410328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1257993                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1586475                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18161                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15337                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10528                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15332                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1137572                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33498                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2844468                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1675                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   503102                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   634470                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            908                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            767                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                9959                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11659985                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33228258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11660497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.849643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33220573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33220573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33220573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33220573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33220573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33220573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12129100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12129100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12129100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12129100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12129100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12129100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159753460628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159753460628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159753460628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 159753460628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159753460628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 159753460628                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45349673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45349673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45349673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     45349673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45349673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     45349673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13171.089415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13171.089415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13171.089415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13171.089415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13171.089415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13171.089415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        90399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 45199.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       468557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       468557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       468557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       468557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       468557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       468557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11660543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11660543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11660543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11660543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11660543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11660543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113571228688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113571228688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113571228688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 113571228688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113571228688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113571228688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9739.789021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9739.789021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9739.789021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9739.789021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9739.789021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9739.789021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       167479                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        258494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       167495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.543294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972566807300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       258133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       258133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       258133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       167686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       167686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       167686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2969057149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2969057149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2969057149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2969057149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2969057149                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2969057149                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       425819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       425819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       425819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.393796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.393796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.393796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.393796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.393796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.393796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17706.052676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17706.052676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17706.052676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17706.052676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17706.052676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17706.052676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3259                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3259                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       167686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       167686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       167686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2454993029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2454993029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2454993029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2454993029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2454993029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2454993029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.393796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.393796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.393796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14640.417381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14640.417381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14640.417381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14640.417381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14640.417381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14640.417381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2550415                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        346321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2550431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.135789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345930                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       345930                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       345930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345930                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       345930                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551707                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2551707                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2551707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551707                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2551707                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41695825307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41695825307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41695825307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  41695825307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41695825307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  41695825307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2897637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2897637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2897637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2897637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2897637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2897637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16340.365609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16340.365609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16340.365609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16340.365609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16340.365609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16340.365609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6073                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6073                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2551707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2551707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2551707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2551707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33910644142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33910644142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33910644142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33910644142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33910644142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33910644142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13289.395743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.395743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13289.395743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.395743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13289.395743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.395743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3387918                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.976555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                95447294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3388430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 28.168590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.976555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59160711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59160711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36103691                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36103691                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     95264402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        95264402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     95264402                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       95264402                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4012787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4012787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1039211                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1039211                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5051998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5051998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5051998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5051998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88889181468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88889181468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32197203302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32197203302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121086384770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 121086384770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121086384770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 121086384770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63173498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63173498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37142902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37142902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    100316400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    100316400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    100316400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    100316400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22151.482615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22151.482615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30982.354211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30982.354211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23968.019142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23968.019142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23968.019142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23968.019142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2366370                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2366370                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1493336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1493336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1502283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1502283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1502283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1502283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2519451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2519451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1030264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1030264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3549715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3549715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3549715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3549715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44725369691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44725369691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28397736294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28397736294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73123105985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73123105985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73123105985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73123105985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4641478612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4641478612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9023668933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9023668933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13665147545                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13665147545                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17752.029982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17752.029982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27563.552928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27563.552928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20599.711804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20599.711804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20599.711804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20599.711804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               745159357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        56677778                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     56677778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7272123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48111049                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29071119                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    388743758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             279511653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           56677778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29071119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             89671394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       25779142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2035618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     152011830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       200324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       324597                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         45349674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5143044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          80302                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    650988497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.820027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.269342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       564250499     86.68%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6161382      0.95%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4406478      0.68%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6869695      1.06%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5306208      0.82%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6008689      0.92%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6048715      0.93%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4810224      0.74%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47126607      7.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    650988497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076061                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.375103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       384048512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    164167250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         83205412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1566377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18000946                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     522775367                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          240                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18000946                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       389100154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       47780983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    104983734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         79687900                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11434780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     506743521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        46536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        868441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7208864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14848                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    557496782                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1275987060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1265443512                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10543548                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    425788464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       131708422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2887937                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2918740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37307906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76078824                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46327335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6664659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4001544                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         484673045                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4021053                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        456976665                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1119569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     95721230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    135394564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1174371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    650988497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.701973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.449727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    475362960     73.02%     73.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61339223      9.42%     82.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41499454      6.37%     88.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25409672      3.90%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     19959501      3.07%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13952541      2.14%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8350043      1.28%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4212273      0.65%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       902830      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    650988497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         803241     30.47%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       107074      4.06%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1026612     38.95%     73.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       699104     26.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3155610      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    336072722     73.54%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2930009      0.64%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     71752492     15.70%     90.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43065832      9.42%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     456976665                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.613260                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2636031                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1562365139                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    579078271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    440852717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7229916                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5443720                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3288589                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     452796566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3660520                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6472667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16159032                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        81004                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       113520                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9112958                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        94680                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18000946                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       38650717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       430426                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    488694098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4073193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76078824                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46327707                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3501074                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        163449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        13805                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       113520                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3024638                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5055667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8080305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    449351793                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     69769718                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7624872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           111891618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45143253                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42121900                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.603028                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             444785048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            444141306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        286231688                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        445361374                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.596035                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642695                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    104908400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2846682                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7293733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    633346904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.605655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.566946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    503729701     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47091638      7.44%     86.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22120558      3.49%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23554240      3.72%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11857901      1.87%     96.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4923489      0.78%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3863866      0.61%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3282357      0.52%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     12923154      2.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    633346904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    203603443                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     383589450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              97134555                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             59919803                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             420524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40141848                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2544884                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        379866999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     12923154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1108342857                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          995022307                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5520879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               94170860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59325191532                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          203603443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            383589450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    203603443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.659856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.659856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.273235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.273235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       890984304                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      480728746                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5924018                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3104464                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      207800598                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2616230                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2490347                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1197096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2700855088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       447102169                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3151722980                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2700855088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2700855088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2161865                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    301121149                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       306244422                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            80951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       149637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        337606886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         70851932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           408699191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           76508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        44808484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           44931264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             124494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        59843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          135017248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22350886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             157556384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     135017248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        135017248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            108073                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15053214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15309329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            232567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        59843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         135017248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37404100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            172865713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1586475                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1257993                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15337                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18161                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11497                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18156                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1137572                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33498                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2844468                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1675                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  634470                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  503102                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           767                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           908                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9052                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073244594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 252279798                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   476935728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           472618328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2028449                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32694139                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  472618328                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2028449                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1207657506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        530666167                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3386363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1656962                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   115729988                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  70868319                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 44861669                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59512791437.781990                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             560453156.218014                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009329                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990671                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
