
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64846                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   115611                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35302732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536417                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        85888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              310912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        83840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            83840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294104747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    280955503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1064650416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        287091817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             287091817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        287091817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294104747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    280955503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1351742233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1338                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.756189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613035000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.756189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.547262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.547262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    240497832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    240497832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    241398832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    241398832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    241398832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    241398832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42904.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42904.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178941.839286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178941.839286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1246700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9373.684211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1317                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1317                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       639200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       639200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    224452776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224452776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225091976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225091976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225091976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225091976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30438.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30438.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167003.553571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167003.553571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           281                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.738399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.291815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           74.039041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.929252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.640535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.217814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1173.386402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    516.525489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4731                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             665                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  665                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3246                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3560                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7835417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2699952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223835963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104834077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339205409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32821805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32821805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7835417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2699952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223835963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137655882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       372027214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7835417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2699952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223835963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137655882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      372027214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.679416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.406920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.777228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.424770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.424770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110357.985915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107998.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103579.807034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107302.023541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104499.509858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104861.996805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104528.041401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110357.985915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107998.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103579.807034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.986047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104502.026404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110357.985915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107998.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103579.807034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.986047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104502.026404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7446817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2562352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211903929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99480069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321393167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31084305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31084305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7446817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2562352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211903929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130564374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352477472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7446817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2562352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211903929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130564374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352477472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10245022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10245022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.679416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.423219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104884.746479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102494.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98058.273484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101821.974411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99379.457947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99310.878594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99310.878594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104884.746479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102494.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98058.273484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101212.693023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99373.406259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104884.746479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102494.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98058.273484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101212.693023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99373.406259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1794.595585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.438377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.880928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.304735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.880962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    536.090719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7180017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2477452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204151304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96014030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309822803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29940873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29940873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7180017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2477452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204151304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125954903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       339763676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7180017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2477452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204151304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125954903                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      339763676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104058.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99098.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95980.866949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98881.596292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96698.752497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95964.336538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95657.741214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104058.217391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99098.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95980.866949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98172.176929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96606.106341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104058.217391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99098.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95980.866949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98172.176929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96606.106341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6223985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2129408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174276081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82472233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265101707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25506217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25506217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6223985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2129408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174276081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107978450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290607924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6223985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2129408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174276081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107978450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290607924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90202.681159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85176.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.157969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84935.358393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83051.913221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81750.695513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81750.695513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90202.681159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85176.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.157969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84160.911925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82936.051370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90202.681159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85176.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.157969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84160.911925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82936.051370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3275                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.676414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.719389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616252300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.296690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.379724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4475                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4475                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    313205511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    313205511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    313205511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    313205511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    313205511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    313205511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70005.702056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69990.058324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70005.702056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69990.058324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70005.702056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69990.058324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244838081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244838081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244838081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244838081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244838081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244838081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64669.329371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.329371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          104                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.282560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745920300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.148052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.705160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4105637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4105637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4105637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.232108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.232108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.232108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35090.914530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34213.641667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35090.914530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34213.641667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35090.914530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34213.641667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3729351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3729351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3729351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31874.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2615                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.924946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.245507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618303300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.108771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37153011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37153011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37153011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.774345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.774345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.774345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14153.528000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14115.885638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14153.528000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14115.885638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14153.528000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14115.885638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29037495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29037495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29037495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29037495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29037495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29037495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11061.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11061.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1341                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               397.531083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   33193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.752424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.300855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   397.230228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.775840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.776428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32195                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32195                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17353                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17354                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2640                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216098242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216098242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37139024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37139024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253237266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253237266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253237266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253237266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81855.394697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81824.400606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88637.288783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88426.247619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82784.330173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82730.240444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82784.330173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82730.240444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112962359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112962359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34631750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34631750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147594109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147594109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147594109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147594109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653737                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653737                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78555.187065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78555.187065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85299.876847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85299.876847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876792                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44470                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33112                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17997                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30596                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             68                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       452824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.876007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.349061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391027     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2823      0.62%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2476      0.55%     87.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3494      0.77%     88.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5001      1.10%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3713      0.82%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5835      1.29%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2799      0.62%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35656      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       452824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243233                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          194061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          199306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          159                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       399091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904494                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1083                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298792                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          892                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       452824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.430731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341824     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36976      8.17%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23769      5.25%     88.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18167      4.01%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13076      2.89%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9844      2.17%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6411      1.42%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2269      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          488      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       452824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            717     48.25%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.45%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     25.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3299      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229808     76.91%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42226     14.13%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23449      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298792                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340779                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1486                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1054623                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18560                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9744                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1382                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1480                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8088                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289855                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39992                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29775                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22353                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330586                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187304                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297604                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324838                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629373                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121584                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.431241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       357944     82.80%     82.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27490      6.36%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13737      3.18%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11772      2.72%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6810      1.58%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3493      0.81%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1979      0.46%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2749      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6302      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117740                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47604                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29784                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24007                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214606                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763933                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697063                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216518                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.446849                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.446849                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134285                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134285                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562401                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311173                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127450                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.067975                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2067975448173                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9667038601683                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36631                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21614718                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5018064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95674.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007898975                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3504632327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1482752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4292864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       848832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60680832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    305628800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           372937856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60680832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60680832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    172267264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        172267264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       948138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4775450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5827154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2691676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2691676                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       717007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       410465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29343110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    147791310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              180339596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29343110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29343110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         83302374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              83302374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         83302374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       717007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       410465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29343110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    147791310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             263641969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23601                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         29                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.819999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.168657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             403                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23239                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23528                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23642                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2121640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17180640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4153544104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5482000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4159026104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4168603104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7603640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4176206744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4168603104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7603640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4176206744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.796296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.973430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.876923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.876923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41830.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 49340.465116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42631.861042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179279.355318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77211.267606                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178967.515986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177176.262496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66698.596491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176643.547246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177176.262496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66698.596491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176643.547246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28142100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10635.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10640300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1588100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12228400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3874398032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4610600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3879008632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3885038332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6198700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3891237032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3885038332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6198700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3891237032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.796296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.876923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.876923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29556.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 36932.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30343.424318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167230.578039                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 64938.028169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166918.052928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165124.036552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54374.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164590.010659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165124.036552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54374.561404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164590.010659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          362                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1482752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          362                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19815336                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4026.032010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        94167516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19819430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.751273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7603561812300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1006.209568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.006587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.809762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.889676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    898.539057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1931.573624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.245657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.471576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30551065                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2367908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10665406                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24529493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               68113872                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        29812657                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             29812657                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1005086                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1005086                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14395912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14395912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30551065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2367908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10665406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     38925405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                82509784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30551065                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2367908                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10665406                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     38925405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               82509784                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142874                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4530479                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10957076                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16047379                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7355                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7355                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3730430                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3730430                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4530479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14687506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19777809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142874                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4530479                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14687506                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19777809                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14490840034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4242803349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175324827473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 458775300768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   652833771624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123495541                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    123495541                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 248848826459                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 248848826459                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14490840034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4242803349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175324827473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 707624127227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    901682598083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14490840034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4242803349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175324827473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 707624127227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   901682598083                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30968015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2510782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15195885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35486569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           84161251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     29812657                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         29812657                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1012441                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1012441                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18126342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18126342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30968015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2510782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15195885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     53612911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           102287593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30968015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2510782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15195885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     53612911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          102287593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.190674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007265                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007265                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.205802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.193355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.193355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34754.383101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29696.119301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38698.960413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41870.230778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40681.644749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16790.692182                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16790.692182                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66707.812895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66707.812895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34754.383101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29696.119301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38698.960413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48178.644300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45590.621190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34754.383101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29696.119301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38698.960413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48178.644300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45590.621190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7492676                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7492676                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4530474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10957030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16047235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7355                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7355                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3730430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3730430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4530474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14687460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19777665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4530474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14687460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19777665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12222938018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3450760139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149690331248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 397497206489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 562861235894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    601678980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601678980                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228017125608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 228017125608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12222938018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3450760139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149690331248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625514332097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 790878361502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12222938018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3450760139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149690331248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625514332097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 790878361502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98208370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98208370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    227386681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    227386681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    325595051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    325595051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007265                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007265                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.193354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29317.999894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24161.264644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33040.765988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36277.824054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35075.278445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81805.435758                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81805.435758                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61123.550263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61123.550263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29317.999894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24161.264644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33040.765988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42588.325830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39988.459785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29317.999894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24161.264644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33040.765988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42588.325830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39988.459785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5778385                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32202.574992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17734394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5811151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.051787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627617349148                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11613.661200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.086569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.056594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.008474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   491.163208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   127.301282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6263.643697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13706.653170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.354421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.418294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       349833                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       129559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3582335                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8288772                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12350499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7492676                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7492676                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1216                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1216                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1622974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1622974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       349833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       129559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3582335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9911746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                13973473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       349833                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       129559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3582335                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9911746                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               13973473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       948139                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2668258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3696736                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2107408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2107408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       948139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4775666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5804144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       948139                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4775666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5804144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6254440027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1255834523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  88599727827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249709445122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   345819447499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     46702098                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     46702098                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 195626375907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 195626375907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6254440027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1255834523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  88599727827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445335821029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    541445823406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6254440027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1255834523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  88599727827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445335821029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   541445823406                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4530474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10957030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16047235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7492676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7492676                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7403                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7403                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3730382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3730382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4530474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14687412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19777617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       142822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4530474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14687412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19777617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.230366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835742                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.835742                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.564931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.293470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.293470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93244.081743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94687.063485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93445.927050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93585.194956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93547.239375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7548.423792                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7548.423792                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92827.955435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92827.955435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93244.081743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94687.063485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93445.927050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93251.039966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93286.076880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93244.081743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94687.063485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93445.927050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93251.039966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93286.076880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2668459                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2668459                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       948139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2668258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3696736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6187                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6187                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2107408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2107408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       948139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4775666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5804144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       948139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4775666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5804144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5313685843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1070399833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75230182055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 212124463478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 293738731209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    484296300                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484296300                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165415069440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165415069440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5313685843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1070399833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75230182055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377539532918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 459153800649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5313685843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1070399833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75230182055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377539532918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 459153800649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     87689976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87689976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    199518627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    199518627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    287208603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    287208603                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835742                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835742                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.293470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79218.883699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80705.710096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79345.098192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79499.232637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79458.941945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78276.434459                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78276.434459                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78492.190141                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78492.190141                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79218.883699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80705.710096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79345.098192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79054.844480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79107.927138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79218.883699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80705.710096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79345.098192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79054.844480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79107.927138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9470                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2692                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6778                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15195985                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               484026024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15196497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.851158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    484017839                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      484017839                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    484017839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       484017839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    484017839                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      484017839                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16409274                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16409274                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16409274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16409274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16409274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16409274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 406097638481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 406097638481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 406097638481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 406097638481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 406097638481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 406097638481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    500427113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    500427113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    500427113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    500427113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    500427113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    500427113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24748.056403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24748.056403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24748.056403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24748.056403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24748.056403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24748.056403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9085298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39501.295652                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1213210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1213210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1213210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1213210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1213210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1213210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15196064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15196064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15196064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15196064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15196064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15196064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312983602296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 312983602296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312983602296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 312983602296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 312983602296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 312983602296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20596.359840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20596.359840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20596.359840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20596.359840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20596.359840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20596.359840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2510868                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8688334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2510884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.460269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8688080                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8688080                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8688080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8688080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8688080                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8688080                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2511074                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2511074                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2511074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2511074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2511074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2511074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40094192566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40094192566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40094192566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  40094192566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40094192566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  40094192566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11199154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11199154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11199154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11199154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11199154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11199154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15966.949825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15966.949825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15966.949825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15966.949825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15966.949825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15966.949825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1453                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1453                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2511074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2511074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2511074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2511074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2511074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2511074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32182786593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32182786593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32182786593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32182786593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32182786593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32182786593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.224220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12816.343363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12816.343363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12816.343363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12816.343363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12816.343363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12816.343363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30973828                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      59485671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30973844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.920513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59485098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     59485098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59485098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     59485098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59485098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     59485098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30981184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30981184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30981184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30981184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30981184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30981184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 403298542541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 403298542541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 403298542541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 403298542541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 403298542541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 403298542541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90466282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     90466282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90466282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     90466282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90466282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     90466282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13017.531626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13017.531626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13017.531626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13017.531626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13017.531626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13017.531626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        12234                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        12234                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30981184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30981184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30981184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30981184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30981184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30981184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 306862863600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 306862863600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 306862863600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 306862863600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 306862863600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 306862863600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9904.813954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9904.813954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9904.813954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9904.813954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9904.813954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9904.813954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              53613023                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               968196836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              53613535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.058814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    718039561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      718039561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    248959230                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248959230                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    966998791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       966998791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    966998791                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      966998791                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     54380751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     54380751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19172636                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19172636                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     73553387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      73553387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     73553387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     73553387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1562516817944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1562516817944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 528295284586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 528295284586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2090812102530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2090812102530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2090812102530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2090812102530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    772420312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    772420312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268131866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268131866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1040552178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1040552178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1040552178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1040552178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28732.902529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28732.902529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27554.650523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27554.650523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28425.775995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28425.775995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28425.775995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28425.775995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     29798970                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         29798970                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18886072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     18886072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        49945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        49945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18936017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18936017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18936017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18936017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35494679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35494679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19122691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19122691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     54617370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     54617370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     54617370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     54617370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 759992911569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 759992911569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456149688245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 456149688245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1216142599814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216142599814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1216142599814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216142599814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102400062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102400062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    238027865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    238027865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    340427927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    340427927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21411.460337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21411.460337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23853.844014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23853.844014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22266.590277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22266.590277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22266.590277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22266.590277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6210136481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       592397704                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    592397704                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     62729025                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    427703654                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       344476348                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1929440900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3248571250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          592397704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    344476348                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            963326391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      328932058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81577965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2182066132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        88064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1851375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2307                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        500427323                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30373516                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1175829                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5423030258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.053247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.500643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4475901463     82.54%     82.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59075784      1.09%     83.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57824539      1.07%     84.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        85349503      1.57%     86.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64992164      1.20%     87.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        78167652      1.44%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58915355      1.09%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65711438      1.21%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       477092360      8.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5423030258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.523108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1994999353                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2238291367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        883361838                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     41700576                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     264677124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5577151383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2085                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     264677124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2082616958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1807840625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     51660905                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        829910144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    386324502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5417853864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2990198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      62582018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    304061768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2228063                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6068547977                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13648767758                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13604296719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44471039                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3957387880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2111160061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2935840                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2937905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        809854723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1051569662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    410827593                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65884438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     41410303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5183273026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5132626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4546666374                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9878366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1631722249                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2421057293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2042925                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5423030258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.838400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.470431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3546023034     65.39%     65.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    702108723     12.95%     78.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    468432046      8.64%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    283681013      5.23%     92.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    194269969      3.58%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126830628      2.34%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71232345      1.31%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25596566      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4855934      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5423030258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6185264     31.43%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        23545      0.12%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8678360     44.10%     75.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4789505     24.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31471220      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3267986197     71.88%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7015213      0.15%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    896449464     19.72%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    343744280      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4546666374                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.732136                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19676674                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004328                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14542922366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6797710370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4402830407                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27068393                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23179584                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12596066                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4521378384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13493444                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    101396824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    350495308                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       844207                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       798777                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    142698836                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       215228                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         6078                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     264677124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1282399950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     28780769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5188405652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30283035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1051569662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    410827599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4705375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9125562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3126596                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       798777                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42809532                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24474812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67284344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4476834471                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    874103008                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69831898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1211704124                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       432139659                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         337601116                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.720891                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4428726113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4415426473                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3074387689                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4760412142                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.711003                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645824                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1701044306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3089701                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62925521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5158990347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.676407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.720899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4060236849     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    391431877      7.59%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    167531714      3.25%     89.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205481114      3.98%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76267100      1.48%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44814045      0.87%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32713069      0.63%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22895202      0.44%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    157619377      3.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5158990347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759545                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3489577116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969203118                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701074349                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367562810                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10023554                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3467755895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    157619377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10191238603                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10646972313                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16603802                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              787106223                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3489577116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.105442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.105442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.322015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.322015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8703340009                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4911014211                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11942446                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9245703                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2155746246                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2799910                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74305800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12512593                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87076857                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74305800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74305800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9070984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10305248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9288225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1947609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11267914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1221442                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1240763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        84898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        37749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           35931665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6050649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              42107297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      35931665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         35931665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       596185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4386408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4983255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       597349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        84898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        37749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          35931665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10437057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             47090552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9470                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6778                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2692                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6205387570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7063573                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13148931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13094503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1026331                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13094503                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33973370                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15039920                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3176271                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1952026                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1224245                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6190022626.543623                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15364943.456377                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002476                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997524                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
