
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59400                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   104932                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31967693                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      684507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1209201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       199296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              278656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3300880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    201701160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    540996909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              756422782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    201701160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         201874890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3300880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    201701160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    540996909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             756422782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           441                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2098.396364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              23                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.052154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          186.690012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.312274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.111618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.964020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    544.559870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1328.551093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.045579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.324353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.512304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2779                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          155                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             663                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  663                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2779                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          446                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3658                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5110052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1991297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120279130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247439511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      374819990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       141467                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       141467                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73347799                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73347799                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5110052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1991297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120279130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    320787310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       448167789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5110052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1991297                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120279130                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    320787310                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      448167789                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              719                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.503441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.546775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.546775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102201.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104805.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102890.615911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102629.411448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102465.825588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4715.566667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4715.566667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103745.118812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103598.586158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102201.040000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104805.105263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102890.615911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102882.395767                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102649.516491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102201.040000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104805.105263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102890.615911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102882.395767                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102649.516491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4833352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1886997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113829530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    234076902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354626781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1488336                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488336                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69470499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69470499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4833352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1886997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113829530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    303547401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424097280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4833352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1886997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113829530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    303547401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424097280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.502202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.545523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.723839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96667.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99315.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97373.421728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97087.060141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97184.648123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49611.200000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49611.200000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98260.960396                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98260.960396                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96667.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99315.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97373.421728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97353.239577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97359.338843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96667.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99315.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97373.421728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97353.239577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97359.338843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1991.377226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            2.774618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.326859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.607234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.707566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.991063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1387.969916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3647                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4665052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1821497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109761170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225901360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      342149079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67051999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67051999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4665052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1821497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109761170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    292953359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       409201078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4665052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1821497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109761170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    292953359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      409201078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.997481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.997481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93301.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95868.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94540.198105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93812.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93816.583219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94840.168317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94706.213277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93301.040000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95868.263158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94540.198105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94046.022151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93961.211940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93301.040000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95868.263158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94540.198105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94046.022151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93961.211940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3965649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1557431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93437797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    192019834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290980711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57035952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57035952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3965649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1557431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93437797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    249055786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348016663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3965649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1557431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93437797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    249055786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348016663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79312.980000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81970.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80480.445306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79742.455980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79983.702859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80673.199434                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80673.199434                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79312.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81970.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80480.445306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79953.703371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80095.894822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79312.980000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81970.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80480.445306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79953.703371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80095.894822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               349.766608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   15505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.006323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.402512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   349.364095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.682352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.683138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32779                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32797                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32779                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32797                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1942                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159541544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159541544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159541544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159541544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159541544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159541544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82153.215242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82110.933608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82153.215242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82110.933608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82153.215242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82110.933608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126597835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126597835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126597835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126597835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126597835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126597835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.046514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.046514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.046514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78388.752322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78388.752322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78388.752322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78388.752322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78388.752322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78388.752322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          238                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.688097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.558824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019263840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.502547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.185550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.093909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.574097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.668006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4992637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4992637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4992637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4992637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4992637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4992637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.154930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.154930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.154930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18155.043636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17894.756272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18155.043636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17894.756272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18155.043636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17894.756272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4116678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4116678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4116678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.154930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.154930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.154930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14969.738182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14969.738182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14969.738182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14969.738182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14969.738182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14969.738182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2867                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.271214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.655389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124531300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.659250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.611964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2162                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2918                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33264881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33264881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33264881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33264881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33264881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33264881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.573990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.574070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.573990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.574070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.573990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.574070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11419.457947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11399.890679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11419.457947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11399.890679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11419.457947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11399.890679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24217926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24217926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24217926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24217926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24217926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24217926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.573990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.573990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.573990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8313.740474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8313.740474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8313.740474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8313.740474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8313.740474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8313.740474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2262                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               901.353621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 11.717065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019153277300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.572981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   900.780639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.879669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.880228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        46757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          46760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22015                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22015                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        68772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           68775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        68772                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          68775                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         7728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          7731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         7728                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         7731                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    702334002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    702334002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79356553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79356553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    781690555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    781690555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    781690555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    781690555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.129373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034260                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101084.341105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101055.252086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101739.170513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101608.902689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101150.434136                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101111.182900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101150.434136                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101111.182900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253425062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253425062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76328677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76328677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    329753739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329753739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    329753739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329753739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034174                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98724.215816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98724.215816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97982.897304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97982.897304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98551.625523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98551.625523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98551.625523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98551.625523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57775                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38617                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           25026                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                271860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        25026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                85508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        476940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2230                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             86                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       749999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.663294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.064579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          666707     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9002      1.20%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5361      0.71%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3805      0.51%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5724      0.76%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5700      0.76%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5613      0.75%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3439      0.46%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44648      5.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       749999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245752                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          160680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       484101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            76014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4578                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        479918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          170206                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         391136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            71024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        457930                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          291                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       550261                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1193085                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1193085                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       339097                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          211030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74461                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30006                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1815                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            431638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           377811                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145420                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231411                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          672                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       749999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.503749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       598570     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56284      7.50%     87.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34627      4.62%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        23295      3.11%     95.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16647      2.22%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10892      1.45%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6897      0.92%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2338      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          449      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       749999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            792     33.57%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           844     35.78%     69.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          723     30.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3021      0.80%      0.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       286481     75.83%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60659     16.06%     92.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27650      7.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        377811                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341528                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2359                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1511552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       579320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       364764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        377149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22825                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          119                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7211                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         353319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       433787                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30006                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          119                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       370060                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58410                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           38141                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27091                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.334522                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                365895                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               364764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           253698                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           403957                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.329734                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628032                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6656                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       725537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       632044     87.11%     87.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        36590      5.04%     92.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        14100      1.94%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15549      2.14%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7277      1.00%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3619      0.50%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2969      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2292      0.32%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11097      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       725537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       158057                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        281274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67806                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                45011                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             31129                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           280896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1147121                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             892134                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2054                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             158057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               281274                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       158057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.998969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.998969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.142878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.142878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          740116                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         425612                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         171136                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.003198                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1003197597534                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6022964867139                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25561                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    47712                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30223389                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4650772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33192.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848455942                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1583694718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       934912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10334464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15004608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       934912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         934912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11149568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11149568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       161476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               234447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         174212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              174212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3522688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       133780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       931932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10301524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14956782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       931932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            931932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11114030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11114030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11114030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        24817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3522688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       133780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       931932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10301524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              26070812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   109329                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.462815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   109343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.511290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020533693000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.126286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.336529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.958533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          9034                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             9034                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           27673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              27673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          27673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             27673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103850                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103877                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        98470                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         100198                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        202320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       202320                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204075                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4610768350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4611870350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124789784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6666180000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6790969784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125891784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11276948350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11402840134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125891784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11276948350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11402840134                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.915966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.917295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.879679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.880590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.879679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40814.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44398.347135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44397.415694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72216.310185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67697.572865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67775.502345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71733.210256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55738.178875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55875.732618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71733.210256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55738.178875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55875.732618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       485700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10558.695652                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56799                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56799                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        98470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       202320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       202320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       759500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3326858230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3327617730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103992092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5449492300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5553484392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104751592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8776350530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8881102122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104751592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8776350530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8881102122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.915966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.879679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.879679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28129.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32035.226095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32034.210942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60180.608796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55341.650249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55425.102218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59687.516809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43378.561338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43518.814759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59687.516809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43378.561338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43518.814759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      25589633                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4038.983932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        47041837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      25593695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.838024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          473.579320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    66.192358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    43.019037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2893.207983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    562.981651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.115620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.706350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.137447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16827282                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4252006                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21399569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2103704                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               44582561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4533079                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              4533079                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       831292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              831292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       597203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               597203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16827282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4252006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21399569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2700907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                45179764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16827282                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4252006                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21399569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2700907                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               45179764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17781905                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5288270                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23515467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75605                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75605                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1690697                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1690697                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17781905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6978967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              25206164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148921                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17781905                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6978967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             25206164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6712145755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3242449140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 392529478895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133226215656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   535710289446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2100271415                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2100271415                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49992573525                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  49992573525                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6712145755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3242449140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 392529478895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 183218789181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    585702862971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6712145755                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3242449140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 392529478895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 183218789181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   585702862971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17123653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4400927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39181474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7391974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           68098028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4533079                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          4533079                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       906897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          906897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2287900                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2287900                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17123653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4400927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39181474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9679874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            70385928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17123653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4400927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39181474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9679874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           70385928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.453835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.345318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.083367                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.738973                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.738973                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.453835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.720977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.358114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.453835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.720977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.358114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22647.781851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21772.947670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22074.658418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25192.778670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22781.188630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27779.530653                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27779.530653                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29569.209341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29569.209341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22647.781851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21772.947670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22074.658418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26252.995491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23236.493382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22647.781851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21772.947670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22074.658418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26252.995491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23236.493382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3259695                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3259695                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17781904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5288259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23515178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75605                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75605                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1690697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1690697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17781904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6978956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         25205875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17781904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6978956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        25205875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5114928701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2423979175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 291583282530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104106965018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 403229155424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4014155875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4014155875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40460094273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40460094273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5114928701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2423979175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 291583282530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 144567059291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 443689249697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5114928701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2423979175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 291583282530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 144567059291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 443689249697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9402412056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9402412056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14363910968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14363910968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23766323024                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23766323024                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.453834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083367                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083367                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.738973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.738973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.453834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.720976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.453834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.720976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17269.254562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16287.117847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16397.753724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19686.434613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17147.612296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53093.788440                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.788440                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23931.014412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23931.014412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17269.254562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16287.117847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16397.753724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20714.711382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17602.612474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17269.254562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16287.117847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16397.753724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20714.711382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17602.612474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        175915                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32244.972723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26488792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        208407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        127.101259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18177.678107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.070988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.017867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   407.305098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   140.298308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5450.902536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8068.697593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.554739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.166348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.246237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.984038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       294090                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17767288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5141999                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               23351546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3259695                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3259695                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16930                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               16930                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1524626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1524626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       294090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17767288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6666625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                24876172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       294090                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17767288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6666625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               24876172                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       146260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               163632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       150270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             150270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       296530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                313902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14616                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       296530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               313902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    194597999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61258027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1367574655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8586722223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10210152904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1621138706                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1621138706                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13447647288                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13447647288                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    194597999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61258027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1367574655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22034369511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23657800192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    194597999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61258027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1367574655                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22034369511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23657800192                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17781904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5288259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23515178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3259695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3259695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        91406                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           91406                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1674896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1674896                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17781904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6963155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            25190074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       296187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       148828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17781904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6963155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           25190074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814782                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.814782                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.089719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92798.282785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92956.034901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93566.957786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58708.616320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62397.042779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21767.263360                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21767.263360                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89489.900100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89489.900100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92798.282785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92956.034901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93566.957786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74307.387148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75366.834847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92798.282785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92956.034901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93566.957786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74307.387148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75366.834847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              117413                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   117413                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       146260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74476                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74476                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       150270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        150270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       296530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           313902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       296530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          313902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    165187850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51987612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1161422474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6520855943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7899453879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3916671159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3916671159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11297096386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11297096386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    165187850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51987612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1161422474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17817952329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19196550265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    165187850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51987612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1161422474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17817952329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19196550265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8377989408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8377989408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12794952141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12794952141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21172941549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21172941549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814782                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814782                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78773.414402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78888.637329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79462.402436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44584.000704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48275.727724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52589.708886                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52589.708886                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75178.654329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75178.654329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78773.414402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78888.637329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79462.402436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60088.194547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61154.596865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78773.414402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78888.637329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79462.402436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60088.194547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61154.596865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840078                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25001                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                36963773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635246                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         49844                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 22648204                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 14315569                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          24921                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          24922                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19694                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              39181486                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132814711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              39181998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.389687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132791267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132791267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132791267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       132791267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132791267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      132791267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     42884296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     42884296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     42884296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      42884296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     42884296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     42884296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 872563798055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 872563798055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 872563798055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 872563798055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 872563798055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 872563798055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    175675563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    175675563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    175675563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    175675563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    175675563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    175675563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20346.930682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20346.930682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20346.930682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20346.930682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20346.930682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20346.930682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       333297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41662.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3702804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3702804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3702804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3702804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39181492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     39181492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39181492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     39181492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39181492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     39181492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 670837356521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 670837356521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 670837356521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 670837356521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 670837356521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 670837356521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17121.281561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17121.281561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17121.281561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17121.281561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17121.281561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17121.281561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4402970                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4106557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4402986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.932675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4106030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4106030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4106030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4106030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4106030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4106030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4403675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4403675                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4403675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4403675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4403675                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4403675                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68262802360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  68262802360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68262802360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  68262802360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  68262802360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  68262802360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8509705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8509705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8509705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8509705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8509705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.517489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.517489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.517489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15501.326133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15501.326133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15501.326133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15501.326133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15501.326133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15501.326133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        24205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        24205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4403675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4403675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4403675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4403675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4403675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4403675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  54741537625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54741537625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  54741537625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54741537625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  54741537625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54741537625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12430.875945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12430.875945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12430.875945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12430.875945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12430.875945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12430.875945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17130280                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4887800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17130296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.285331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4887651                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4887651                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4887651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4887651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4887651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4887651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17141208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17141208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17141208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17141208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17141208                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17141208                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 256040146720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 256040146720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 256040146720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 256040146720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 256040146720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 256040146720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22028859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22028859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22028859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22028859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22028859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22028859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.778125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14937.112176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14937.112176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14937.112176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14937.112176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14937.112176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14937.112176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        17869                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        17869                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17141208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17141208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17141208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17141208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17141208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17141208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 203615795315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 203615795315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 203615795315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 203615795315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 203615795315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 203615795315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11878.730794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11878.730794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11878.730794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11878.730794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11878.730794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11878.730794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               9639851                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1023.629289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               284862571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               9640875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 29.547377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.629289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    184758256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      184758256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     99021389                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      99021389                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    283779645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       283779645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    283779645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      283779645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11956876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11956876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3199299                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3199299                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15156175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      15156175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15156175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     15156175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 360015935232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 360015935232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91141909622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  91141909622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 451157844854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 451157844854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 451157844854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 451157844854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    196715132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    196715132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102220688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102220688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    298935820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    298935820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    298935820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    298935820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30109.531556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30109.531556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28488.087429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28488.087429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29767.262839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29767.262839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29767.262839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29767.262839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4491005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          4491005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4561658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4561658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        22121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        22121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4583779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4583779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4583779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4583779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7395218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7395218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3177178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3177178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10572396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10572396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10572396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10572396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 199979875612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 199979875612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79443778842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79443778842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 279423654454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 279423654454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 279423654454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 279423654454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9825614913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9825614913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14923100416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14923100416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  24748715329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24748715329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031082                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031082                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27041.782353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27041.782353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25004.509927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25004.509927                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26429.548652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26429.548652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26429.548652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26429.548652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2972967827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       226756522                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    226756522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     41855910                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    192441734                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       101516372                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1317184584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1032381322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          226756522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    101516372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            322706279                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      147513308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          75886952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     360060774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       583539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1742244                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        175675571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     28948068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1070362                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2182409566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.886586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.340510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1868016735     85.59%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19894901      0.91%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14334290      0.66%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26170633      1.20%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21898260      1.00%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27142783      1.24%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19298520      0.88%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16507402      0.76%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       169146042      7.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2182409566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.347256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1376957297                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    397258538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        297903652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6044941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     104245138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1872550372                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     104245138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1397666755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      132854373                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    221610179                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        282356424                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     43676697                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1792678284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       585515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       6583655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29128759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       191688                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1948226351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4456883283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4456797015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        86268                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1196888299                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       751338041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6109996                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6152993                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        135712925                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    251211634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    154111356                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14833477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13667935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1658150784                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8905508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1505240040                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6860366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    532039097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    718453485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3316839                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2182409566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.689715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.468475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1628767548     74.63%     74.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    185342406      8.49%     83.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    118454407      5.43%     88.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     82511420      3.78%     92.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     67887394      3.11%     95.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     48836130      2.24%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36909304      1.69%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11339146      0.52%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2361811      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2182409566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4542580     42.91%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4048205     38.24%     81.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      1994648     18.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18249386      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1119666667     74.38%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    230116167     15.29%     90.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    137207820      9.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1505240040                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.506309                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10585433                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007032                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5216796219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2199410433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1430082604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40197                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23084                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20074                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1497555992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20095                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22108444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     87844623                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       497192                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       358382                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     51869785                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       188373                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     104245138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       75446752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1583419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1667056292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29592345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    251211634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    154111356                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7866324                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        704855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        69279                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       358382                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     13902793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33065264                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     46968057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1458549460                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    219059564                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46690580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           350553567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       154966686                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         131494003                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.490604                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1433028791                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1430102678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        898908702                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1384412228                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.481035                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649307                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    589185525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5588669                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42059956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2079061167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.472883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1720179336     82.74%     82.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    129225783      6.22%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58677836      2.82%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64510801      3.10%     94.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33859989      1.63%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15295277      0.74%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12519573      0.60%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7814239      0.38%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     36978333      1.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2079061167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    583303353                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1077673974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             265608578                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            163367008                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             575579                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         124853955                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1073131020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     36978333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3707681701                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3438429185                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               21516374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              790558261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            36958900                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          583303353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1077673974                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    583303353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.096778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.096778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.196202                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.196202                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2802161799                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1542477682                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20074                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      685041062                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5222530                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2793511576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       501997593                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3299298145                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2793511576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2793511576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800126                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    350210383                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       357774733                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        349188947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         79644782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           429070461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        50555711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           50737039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2746434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       939452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        83732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2784607522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          500397523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3288781944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2784607522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2784607522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3752226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3788013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         349094121                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            356634360                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3759507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6534447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       939452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        83732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2784607522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         849491644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3645416304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840078                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25001                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               36963773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635246                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        49844                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                14315569                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                22648204                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         24922                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         24921                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              19605                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3012598663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 263736778                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   503509074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           501835612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36062141                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  501835612                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1294333098                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        555622610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   130402209                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  79722334                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 50679875                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2423618308.113181                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             588980354.886819                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.195506                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.804494                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
