
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 120255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   213504                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67225981                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518508                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        920580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    222558896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              978331815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         434519750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433857372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    222558896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1285675053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.197091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048192000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.197091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.574818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.574818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248408824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248408824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249331824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249331824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249331824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249331824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176426.721591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176426.721591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174357.918881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174357.918881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174357.918881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174357.918881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1657400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10976.158940                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       654800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231439500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231439500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232094300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232094300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232094300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232094300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164374.644886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164374.644886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162303.706294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162303.706294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162303.706294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162303.706294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1276                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1465.137313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.336991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          109.980296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.171617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.473860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.219810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.017288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.420768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1005.318135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    321.535540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.026851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.245439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.078500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.357700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          463                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4578                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             641                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  641                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2275                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          533                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3248                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3420464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       508894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213904195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74129552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291963105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34610563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34610563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3420464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       508894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213904195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108740115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       326573668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3420464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       508894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213904195                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108740115                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      326573668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.583716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.415027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.833729                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.583716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.436401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.583716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.436401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81439.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 56543.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88536.504553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96522.854167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89890.118534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99455.640805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98605.592593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81439.619048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 56543.777778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88536.504553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97437.379032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90740.113365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81439.619048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 56543.777778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88536.504553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97437.379032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90740.113365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           348                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3190255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200488684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69933860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274071149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32676998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32676998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3190255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200488684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102610858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306748147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3190255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200488684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102610858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306748147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7512258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7512258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11334201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11334201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.583716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.583716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.434461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.583716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75958.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50927.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82983.726821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91059.713542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84720.602473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93899.419540                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93899.419540                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75958.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50927.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82983.726821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91945.213262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85612.097963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75958.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50927.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82983.726821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91945.213262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85612.097963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1754.963797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           24.210241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.773253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.733853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1254.211661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    437.034932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          451                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          106                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    574                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          677                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2886013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186649635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66014984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      255920782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31213057                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31213057                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2886013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186649635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97228041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287133839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2886013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186649635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97228041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287133839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.813328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.827894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.956772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.957143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.813328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.840467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.813328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.840467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96200.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94987.091603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97511.054653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95173.217553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94015.231928                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93173.304478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96200.433333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94987.091603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96360.793855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94951.666336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96200.433333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94987.091603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96360.793855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94951.666336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2470040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159014881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56587032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218385553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26473322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26473322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2470040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159014881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83060354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244858875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2470040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159014881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83060354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244858875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3403848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3403848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6719617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6719617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10123465                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10123465                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.813328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.956772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.813328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.836020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.813328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80923.603562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83584.980798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81608.951046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79738.921687                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79738.921687                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80923.603562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82319.478692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81402.551529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80923.603562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82319.478692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81402.551529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3630                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.003356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.848760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083136565300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.227418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.775938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.855031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20738                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20755                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20755                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4836                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4839                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    302114187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302114187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    302114187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    302114187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    302114187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    302114187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.189098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62471.916253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62433.185989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62471.916253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62433.185989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62471.916253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62433.185989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236805024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236805024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236805024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236805024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236805024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236805024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57213.100749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57213.100749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57213.100749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57213.100749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57213.100749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57213.100749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.291537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.294118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.219366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.072171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.076210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.643221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2149058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2149058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2149058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.323684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.323684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.323684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17472.016260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16531.215385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17472.016260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16531.215385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17472.016260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16531.215385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1764419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1764419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1764419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1764419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1764419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1764419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.323684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.323684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.323684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14344.869919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14344.869919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14344.869919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14344.869919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14344.869919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14344.869919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2308                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.110052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.008989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31436053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31436053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31436053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31436053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31436053                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31436053                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13561.713978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13526.700947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13561.713978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13526.700947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13561.713978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13526.700947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24312544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24312544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24312544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24312544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24312544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24312544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10488.586713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10488.586713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10488.586713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10488.586713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10488.586713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10488.586713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1157                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.199507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.695765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.425804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.773703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.724167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.724999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26970                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15988                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42957                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42962                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          447                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2540                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143914233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143914233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38848853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38848853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    182763086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    182763086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    182763086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    182763086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68858.484689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68858.484689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86910.185682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86330.784444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72039.056366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71953.970866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72039.056366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71953.970866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          641                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              641                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81949692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81949692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36214664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36214664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118164356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118164356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118164356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118164356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3992903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3992903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7804240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7804240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11797143                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11797143                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026335                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66571.642567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66571.642567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83636.637413                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83636.637413                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71012.233173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71012.233173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71012.233173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71012.233173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37791                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37791                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28464                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14915                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       177982                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                182955                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37791                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14915                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        159753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           36                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          472                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25574                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3901                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             39                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       411424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.285772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          358891     87.23%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2435      0.59%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1973      0.48%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2836      0.69%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3931      0.96%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3704      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5147      1.25%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1978      0.48%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30529      7.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       411424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.236462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          173476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17703                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        324923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17703                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11680                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        308816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       338601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       764222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       764132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       209619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          946                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          961                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24748                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2132                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            287876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           257493                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       136702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          802                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       411424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.625858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.397785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       315545     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32083      7.80%     84.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20062      4.88%     89.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16263      3.95%     93.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11302      2.75%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8485      2.06%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5341      1.30%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1926      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          417      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       411424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            465     38.27%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           394     32.43%     70.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          356     29.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2854      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       197954     76.88%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35165     13.66%     91.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21510      8.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        257493                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.332800                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1215                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004719                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       929895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       384354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       245282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        255840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4169                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14833                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8267                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17703                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       289472                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24748                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          148                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       250076                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33300                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25276                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20531                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.323213                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                245992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               245291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159284                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           249683                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.317029                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637945                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102748                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          794                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       393780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.474085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.391870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       329058     83.56%     83.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24168      6.14%     89.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12292      3.12%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9983      2.54%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5934      1.51%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2921      0.74%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1660      0.42%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2429      0.62%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5335      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       393780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102774                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        186685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41287                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24806                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20336                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              677751                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             596686                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 362294                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96714                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               186685                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.528344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.528344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          481038                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         266969                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109205                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           632                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.069014                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60069013522335                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65152521147114                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43295                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83463                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1651427141                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4768736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36374.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1574809222                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3035900615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3303808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            99008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       121600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2157952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     48122880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            53840256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2157952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2157952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     35629312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         35629312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        51622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        33718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       751920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               841254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         556708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              556708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        55000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        35925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       801127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 896307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             35925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           593140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                593140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           593140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        55000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        35925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       801127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1489446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   290839                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.869124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   290854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.041146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.827978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.926749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.929320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            175                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               175                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            14                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               14                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3497                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       420626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          424123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        23311                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          72463                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        443937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           496586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       443937                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          496586                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507889664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  48484089848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48991979512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8625935856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    996546000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9622481856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9133825520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  49480635848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  58614461368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9133825520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  49480635848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  58614461368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       420801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        424298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        23325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       444126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         496775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       444126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        496775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 145235.820418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115266.507177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115513.611646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175495.114258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42750.032174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132791.657204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173485.261259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111458.688616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118034.864793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173485.261259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111458.688616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118034.864793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    413201120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               48573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8506.806662                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          53149                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               53149                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       420626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       424123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        23311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        72463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       443937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       496586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       443937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       496586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    465613984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43410652751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43876266735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8033503776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    703202600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8736706376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8499117760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44113855351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52612973111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8499117760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44113855351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52612973111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 133146.692594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103204.872621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103451.750400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163442.052734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30166.127579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120567.826008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161429.804175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99369.629815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105949.368510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161429.804175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99369.629815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105949.368510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          768                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3145728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          768                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      12450823                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2868.488906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        45244301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      12453652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.633015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          958.454037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   111.168449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.971706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    854.137871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    943.756835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.233998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.208530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.230409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.700315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19418005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320436                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9765497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7095544                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               36599482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11076211                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11076211                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1397887                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1397887                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1763386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1763386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19418005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9765497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8858930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                38362868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19418005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       320436                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9765497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8858930                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               38362868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3853745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5698477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             10018232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            23                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 23                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       132159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            132159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2043742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2043742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3853745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7742219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              12061974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7715                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3853745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7742219                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             12061974                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9884391152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    214634969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87998031286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167689705886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   265786763293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2286143430                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2286143430                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93229491474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  93229491474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9884391152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    214634969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87998031286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 260919197360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    359016254767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9884391152                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    214634969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87998031286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 260919197360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   359016254767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19876300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       328151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13619242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12794021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           46617714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11076234                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11076234                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1530046                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1530046                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3807128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3807128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19876300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       328151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13619242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16601149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            50424842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19876300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       328151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13619242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16601149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           50424842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.214902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086376                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.086376                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.536820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.466366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.239207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.466366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.239207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21567.748180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27820.475567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22834.419840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29427.109364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26530.306275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17298.431662                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17298.431662                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45617.055124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45617.055124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21567.748180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27820.475567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22834.419840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33700.828840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29764.303485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21567.748180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27820.475567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22834.419840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33700.828840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29764.303485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5770210                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5770210                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                95                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3853734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5698477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10018137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           23                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            23                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       132159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       132159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2043742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2043742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3853734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7742219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         12061879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3853734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7742219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        12061879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7436977172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    172583754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  66127868143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136215480120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 209952909189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9051114854                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9051114854                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81679333271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81679333271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7436977172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    172583754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  66127868143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217894813391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 291632242460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7436977172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    172583754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  66127868143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217894813391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 291632242460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8891471082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8891471082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12222570626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12222570626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21114041708                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21114041708                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086376                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086376                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.466366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.239205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.466366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16228.799436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22507.010172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17159.427232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23903.839591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20957.280699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68486.556754                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68486.556754                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39965.579447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39965.579447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16228.799436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22507.010172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17159.427232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28143.716083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24178.010943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16228.799436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22507.010172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17159.427232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28143.716083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24178.010943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        759186                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32345.914133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        14987715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        791525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         18.935239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18576.187692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.001908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   147.850834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    28.336159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2334.851801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11252.685216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.566900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.071254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.343405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7121                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3820015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5224440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                9507934                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5770233                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5770233                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34134                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34134                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1429273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1429273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3820015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6653713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10937207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3820015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6653713                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10937207                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       474037                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               510203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       323474                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            323474                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       389020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             389020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       863057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                899223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       863057                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               899223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    176435231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50797050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3158878377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43732096642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47118207300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    956000096                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    956000096                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35920746979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35920746979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    176435231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50797050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3158878377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79652843621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     83038954279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    176435231                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50797050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3158878377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79652843621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    83038954279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3853734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5698477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           10018137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5770233                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5770233                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       357608                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          357608                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1818293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1818293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3853734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7516770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            11836430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       458258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3853734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7516770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           11836430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.050928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904549                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.904549                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.213948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.213948                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.075971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.075971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92860.647895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92864.808044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93682.445417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92254.605953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92351.882094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2955.415570                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2955.415570                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92336.504496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92336.504496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92860.647895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92864.808044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93682.445417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92291.521442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92345.229469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92860.647895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92864.808044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93682.445417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92291.521442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92345.229469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              503559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   503559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       474037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          510203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       323474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       323474                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       389020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        389020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       863057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           899223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       863057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          899223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    149785712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43126623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2683382483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37077725932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39954020750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24520665442                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24520665442                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30308392533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30308392533                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    149785712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43126623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2683382483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67386118465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70262413283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    149785712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43126623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2683382483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67386118465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70262413283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7973763231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7973763231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10866612317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10866612317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18840375548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18840375548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.904549                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.904549                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.213948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.075971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.071335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78834.585263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78842.089580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79580.725496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78216.944947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78310.046687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75804.130910                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75804.130910                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77909.599848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77909.599848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78834.585263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78842.089580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79580.725496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78078.410192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78136.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78834.585263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78842.089580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79580.725496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78078.410192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78136.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24980441                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68140                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      19304                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        318                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   243                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 19116                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3335974                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19622                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    25048581                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           327                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3326899                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9075                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            321                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19356                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13619244                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               140718316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13619756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.331926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140713461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      140713461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140713461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       140713461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140713461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      140713461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14373898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14373898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14373898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      14373898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14373898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     14373898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 259586254827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 259586254827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 259586254827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 259586254827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 259586254827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 259586254827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    155087359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    155087359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    155087359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    155087359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    155087359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    155087359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18059.558710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18059.558710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18059.558710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18059.558710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18059.558710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18059.558710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       429791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39071.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       754631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       754631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       754631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       754631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       754631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       754631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13619267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13619267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13619267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13619267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13619267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13619267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199612896880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 199612896880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199612896880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 199612896880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199612896880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 199612896880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14656.654935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14656.654935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14656.654935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14656.654935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14656.654935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14656.654935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       334140                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        349960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       334156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.047295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083940542300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349585                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       349585                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       349585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       349585                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       349585                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       334352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       334352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       334352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       334352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       334352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       334352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6339711535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6339711535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6339711535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6339711535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6339711535                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6339711535                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       683937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       683937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       683937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       683937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       683937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       683937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.488864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.488864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.488864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.488864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.488864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.488864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18961.189211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18961.189211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18961.189211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18961.189211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18961.189211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18961.189211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        14432                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        14432                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       334352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       334352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       334352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       334352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       334352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       334352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5320765687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5320765687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5320765687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5320765687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5320765687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5320765687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.488864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.488864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.488864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15913.664901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15913.664901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15913.664901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15913.664901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15913.664901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15913.664901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20512088                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      11234424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20512104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.547697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11234116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     11234116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11234116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     11234116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11234116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     11234116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20513633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20513633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20513633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20513633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20513633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20513633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 244773032545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 244773032545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 244773032545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 244773032545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 244773032545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 244773032545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31747749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31747749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31747749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     31747749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31747749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     31747749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.646144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.646144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.646144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.646144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.646144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.646144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11932.212717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11932.212717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11932.212717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11932.212717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11932.212717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11932.212717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       216966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       216966                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20513633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20513633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20513633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20513633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20513633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20513633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 182058747805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 182058747805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 182058747805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 182058747805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 182058747805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 182058747805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.646144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.646144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.646144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8875.012427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8875.012427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8875.012427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8875.012427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8875.012427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8875.012427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16578998                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.766245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               255409982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16579509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.405160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.766245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148469795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148469795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    105338966                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     105338966                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    253808761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       253808761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    253808761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      253808761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25299133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     25299133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5365469                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5365469                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30664602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      30664602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30664602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     30664602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 772464690521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 772464690521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 159455146329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 159455146329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 931919836850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 931919836850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 931919836850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 931919836850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    173768928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173768928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    110704435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    110704435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    284473363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    284473363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    284473363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    284473363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30533.247543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30533.247543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29718.771337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29718.771337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30390.736421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30390.736421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30390.736421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30390.736421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10844836                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         10844836                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12495437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12495437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        49651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        49651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12545088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12545088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12545088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12545088                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12803696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12803696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5315818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5315818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18119514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18119514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18119514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18119514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295366738285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 295366738285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 137806773154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137806773154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 433173511439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 433173511439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 433173511439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 433173511439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9256155790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9256155790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12715399257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12715399257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21971555047                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21971555047                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23068.865294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23068.865294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25923.907318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25923.907318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23906.464127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23906.464127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23906.464127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23906.464127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2557886504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       208695139                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    208695139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     23214950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131560765                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        93690239                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    868291114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             952840296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          208695139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     93690239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            315628744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       79862010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           8726745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1128864375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4193009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1203736                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          178                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        155087369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     14392755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          85562                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2382932817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.800962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.249358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2073136754     87.00%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24164522      1.01%     88.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15744616      0.66%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19912601      0.84%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21993446      0.92%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19987538      0.84%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17564559      0.74%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23482775      0.99%     92.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       166946006      7.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2382932817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.081589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.372511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       838488176                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1184071082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        293238919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11109724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      56024916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1878298464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          940                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      56024916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       873096047                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      822161463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    238955393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        268612816                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    124082182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1833837384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1750758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50617029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     62093417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2484260                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2050698232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4670616373                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4366306445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304309928                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1552641261                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       498056967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3664344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3770739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        286277766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    207013869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    130366402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15461891                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13632365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1674871025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6414895                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1571347128                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9475203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    280018614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    413930762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1918470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2382932817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.357214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1731258583     72.65%     72.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    255080737     10.70%     83.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    157828113      6.62%     89.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     90807863      3.81%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62722477      2.63%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     45055476      1.89%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30882304      1.30%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7652648      0.32%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1644616      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2382932817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3330224     38.07%     38.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12744      0.15%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3096904     35.40%     73.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2308787     26.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33147991      2.11%      2.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1131802021     72.03%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90756195      5.78%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    194189581     12.36%     92.27% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    121451340      7.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1571347128                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.614315                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8748659                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005568                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5336327916                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1814095021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1436249108                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215850674                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147387765                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105801858                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1439056431                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107891365                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16086639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     37695631                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       192371                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       191685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     20392699                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       118339                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      56024916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      622324687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10812347                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1681285920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     54977407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    207013869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    130366402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4331489                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5815131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       822333                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       191685                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7130156                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18676641                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25806797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1549645540                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    189706357                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21701588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           309801755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158639945                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         120095398                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.605830                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1543113589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1542050966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1030135322                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1775510296                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.602861                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580191                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    306432102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4496425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23312741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2327236525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.590765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.628275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1889983809     81.21%     81.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152485605      6.55%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90780336      3.90%     91.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63710106      2.74%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26110579      1.12%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17126427      0.74%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13833371      0.59%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9050900      0.39%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     64155392      2.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2327236525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    689037815                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1374850708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             279291939                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            169318237                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1575676                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         143473929                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91271570                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1300603784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     64155392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3943597305                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3419580255                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7490379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              174953687                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177828880773                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          689037815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1374850708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    689037815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.712259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.712259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.269378                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.269378                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3131069790                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1612926117                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185280790                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96613781                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      614665421                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3183592                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          385996                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73407376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77642832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9356532064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1867616081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11375698693                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9356532064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9356532064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     25298297                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1206551204                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1233664029                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            21065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9175922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9705354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1169566508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260942225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1449413271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          421993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       157049188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157499533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1222051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155763038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31091173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189377152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155763038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155763038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            421154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20086083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20537444                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            427580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1222051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155763038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51177256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209914596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68140                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24980441                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       318                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     19304                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                19116                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3335974                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19622                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   25048581                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          327                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9075                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3326899                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           321                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14536                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180387420807                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 884710678                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1659173737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1652377093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               443065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111936990                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1652377093                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      443065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4207822182                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1823450848                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             719119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            365341                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   418659261                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 261248208                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157411053                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178443278813.388275                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1944141993.611718                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
