
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65183                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   115703                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36251285                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      521196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        925159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    238897546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              995553635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    238897546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1302896873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.292547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046419000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.292547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246193824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246193824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247117824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247117824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247117824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247117824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174853.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174853.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172809.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1694700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10725.949367                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       655800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       655800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229229592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229229592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229885392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229885392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229885392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229885392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29809.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29809.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162805.107955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162805.107955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160759.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           138                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1775.039990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.152174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           70.050064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.987611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.941480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1238.653189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    428.658172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.302406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.433359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1883                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4593                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             330                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  330                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2759                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204864002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76747310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      285080222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37183063                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     37183063                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204864002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113930373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322263285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204864002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113930373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322263285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.746926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.375272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.902743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.903465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.402785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.402785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105076.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105421.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103258.065524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105277.517147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103327.372961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102715.643646                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101871.405479                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105076.689655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103258.065524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104427.472961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103157.261524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105076.689655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103258.065524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104427.472961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103157.261524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       399586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193913423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72774153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269975586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35183363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35183363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       399586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193913423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107957516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305158949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       399586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193913423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107957516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305158949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.746926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.902743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.896040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.400722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.045977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.792302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99600.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99896.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97738.620464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99827.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98315.945375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97191.610497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97191.610497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99600.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99896.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97738.620464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98952.810266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98184.990026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99600.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99896.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97738.620464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98952.810266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98184.990026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1743.180694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.340248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.146858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1260.247512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    442.696449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          722                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2788946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       385386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187016962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70123002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      260314296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33783625                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33783625                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2788946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       385386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187016962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103906627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294097921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2788946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       385386                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187016962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103906627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294097921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.992389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.993274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.993274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96170.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.468020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97123.271468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95074.615047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93843.402778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93067.837466                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96170.551724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.468020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96032.002773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.703644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96170.551724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.468020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96032.002773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.703644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2385931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       329200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159318511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60075465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222109107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28668484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28668484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2385931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       329200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159318511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250777591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2385931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       329200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159318511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250777591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.988149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82273.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80872.340609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83207.015235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81507.929174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79634.677778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79634.677778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82273.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80872.340609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82018.437153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.332577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82273.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80872.340609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82018.437153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.332577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3358                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.301363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.211435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049633300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.003911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21250                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21250                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4525                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291551712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291551712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291551712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    291551712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    291551712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    291551712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64474.062804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.317569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64474.062804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.317569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64474.062804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.317569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226765873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226765873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226765873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226765873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226765873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226765873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58641.291182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.291182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58641.291182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           83                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.085549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           83                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.819277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.745730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          493                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           94                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1634294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1634294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1634294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1634294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1634294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1634294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.988506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.106383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.988506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18784.988506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1363173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1363173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1363173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15668.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15668.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15668.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2397                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.110296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.019659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31444050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31444050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31444050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31444050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31444050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31444050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.889421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.889421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.889421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13063.585376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.102362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13063.585376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.102362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13063.585376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13031.102362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24056999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24056999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24056999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24056999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24056999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24056999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9994.598671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9994.598671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9994.598671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   622                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               502.573754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   15085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.252412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.839459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.734295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.488998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.490795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27888                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16526                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16530                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2155                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144821210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144821210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     40848743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40848743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185669953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185669953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185669953                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185669953                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83230.580460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83230.580460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99147.434466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98430.706024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86277.859201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86157.750812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86277.859201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86157.750812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              330                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81573248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81573248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38302850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38302850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119876098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119876098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119876098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119876098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83408.229039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83408.229039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95757.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95757.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86992.814224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  771555                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38384                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29212                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15159                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       170810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        173589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          986                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             29                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       419703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.814748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.277614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          366561     87.34%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2546      0.61%     87.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1942      0.46%     88.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2868      0.68%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3927      0.94%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3727      0.89%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5227      1.25%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2027      0.48%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30878      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       419703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       182387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         114317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11924                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           96                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       341852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       773512                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       773422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       214391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          989                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1000                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25123                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            291221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1664                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261584                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       133810                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          848                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       419703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.623260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.401620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       322971     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32107      7.65%     84.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20199      4.81%     89.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16351      3.90%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11337      2.70%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8682      2.07%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5584      1.33%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2012      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          460      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       419703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            521     38.97%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     32.24%     71.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          385     28.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2931      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200818     76.77%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35902     13.72%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21923      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261584                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339035                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1337                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       946508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       386573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        259976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14666                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8108                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         101230                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292885                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25123                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           221                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6265                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253924                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34000                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25808                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20949                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329107                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                249858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249049                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161243                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252944                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322788                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637465                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       402194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.475552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.392139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       335740     83.48%     83.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24876      6.19%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12655      3.15%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10216      2.54%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6038      1.50%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3040      0.76%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1716      0.43%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2522      0.63%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5391      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       402194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       105462                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        191264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42626                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25619                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20817                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           189367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              689536                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             603419                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 351852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98877                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             105462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               191264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       105462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.315953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.315953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.136688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.136688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          489628                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270494                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111277                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40509                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80310                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20064272269                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2990.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121147772                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     240179596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       572800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2651072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5218752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       572800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         572800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2455936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2455936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  86972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            40929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 40929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            40929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                127901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    37923                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.914754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    37938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.270400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.644355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.016900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.915272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.932172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           19982                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1635                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29283                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    490764664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1933508773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2424273437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4843422544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    100550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4943972544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5334187208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2034058773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7368245981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5334187208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2034058773                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7368245981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        16827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         19989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155207.041113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114952.959156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121322.862426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175181.660301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61498.470948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168834.222723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173131.684778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110217.218802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149563.503116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173131.684778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110217.218802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149563.503116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     63554620                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6498                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9780.643275                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28335                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28335                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    452624084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1730577200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2183201284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4510183300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80313600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4590496900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4962807384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1810890800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6773698184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4962807384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1810890800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6773698184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143144.871600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102888.061831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109258.396757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163128.736256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49121.467890                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156763.203907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161077.811879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98124.670821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137495.142271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161077.811879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98124.670821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137495.142271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        145129                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3978.191673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         1945309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        149161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         13.041673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          969.577493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.016175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    60.463044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    21.277904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1636.115910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1289.740820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.236713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.399442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.314878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.971238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       658415                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15823                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1072628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92069                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1838935                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          122386                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               122386                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9189                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9189                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29261                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                29261                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       658415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1072628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       121330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1868196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       658415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15823                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1072628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       121330                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1868196                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        48482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69011                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               120616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14394                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14394                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              23479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        48482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        92490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                144095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        48482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        92490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               144095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     71911121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22897318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1789534350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3844480333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5728823122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122013391                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    122013391                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1861445195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1861445195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     71911121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22897318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1789534350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5705925528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      7590268317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     71911121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22897318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1789534350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5705925528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     7590268317                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       660823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1121110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       161080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            1959551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       122386                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           122386                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23583                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23583                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            52740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       660823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1121110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2012291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       660823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1121110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2012291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.061553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.610355                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.610355                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.445184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.071607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.071607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29863.422342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32024.220979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36911.314508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55708.225254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47496.377943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8476.684104                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8476.684104                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79281.280932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79281.280932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29863.422342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32024.220979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36911.314508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61692.350827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52675.445484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29863.422342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32024.220979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36911.314508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61692.350827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52675.445484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               44573                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    44573                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        48481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          120615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14394                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14394                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         23479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        48481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        92490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           144094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        48481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        92490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          144094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59008224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19037564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1515375144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3462436297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5055857229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1300473718                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1300473718                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1729183238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1729183238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59008224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19037564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1515375144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5191619535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6785040467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59008224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19037564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1515375144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5191619535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6785040467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    852552872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    852552872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2624825149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2624825149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3477378021                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3477378021                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.610355                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610355                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.071607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24505.076412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26625.963636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31257.093377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50172.237716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41917.317324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90348.319994                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90348.319994                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73648.078623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73648.078623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24505.076412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26625.963636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31257.093377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56131.684885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47087.598838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24505.076412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26625.963636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31257.093377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56131.684885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47087.598838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24015                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32280.505410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          112396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          1.984708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9640.252329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.486390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.545750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   216.144323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    68.138472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7683.586705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14664.335348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.294197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.234484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.447520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.985123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        39530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        40045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                  82343                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           44573                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                44573                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          190                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 190                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6537                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 6537                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        39530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        46582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                   88880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2149                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        39530                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        46582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                  88880                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8951                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38272                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16958                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16958                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 52460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                52460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8933699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    837917627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2615715107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3486735175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35124582                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     35124582                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1318342038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1318342038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8933699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    837917627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3934057145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4805077213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8933699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    837917627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3934057145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4805077213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        48481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        69011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             120615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        44573                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            44573                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20725                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            20725                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        48481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        89736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              141340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        48481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        89736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             141340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.134266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.184629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.317307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.988920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.684584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.134266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.184629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.371162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.134266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.184629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.371162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93315.606178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93059.364583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.621830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90302.945074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91104.075434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2071.269136                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2071.269136                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92919.512123                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92919.512123                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93315.606178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93059.364583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.621830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91163.209552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91595.066965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93315.606178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93059.364583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.621830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91163.209552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91595.066965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10039                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10039                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16958                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16958                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            52460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           52460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20545108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7587721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    711805188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2206422501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946360518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1280820710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1280820710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1113986462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1113986462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20545108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7587721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    711805188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3320408963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4060346980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20545108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7587721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    711805188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3320408963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4060346980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    761492786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    761492786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2301794900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2301794900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3063287686                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3063287686                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.134266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.184629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988920                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988920                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.134266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.184629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.134266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.184629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79324.741313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79038.760417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.420735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76172.840606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76984.754337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75528.995754                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75528.995754                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78516.102481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78516.102481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79324.741313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79038.760417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.420735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76943.248899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77398.913077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79324.741313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79038.760417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.420735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76943.248899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77398.913077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       990076                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        779                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   765                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  137258                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       861                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1029520                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   131999                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1658                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1121112                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13671953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1121624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 12.189426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13663405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13663405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13663405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13663405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13663405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13663405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1174068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1174068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1174068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1174068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1174068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1174068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14049475606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14049475606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14049475606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14049475606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14049475606                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14049475606                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14837473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14837473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14837473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     14837473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14837473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     14837473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11966.492236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11966.492236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11966.492236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11966.492236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11966.492236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11966.492236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       262483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37497.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        52944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        52944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        52944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        52944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        52944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        52944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1121124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1121124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1121124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1121124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1121124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1121124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9405079830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9405079830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9405079830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9405079830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   9405079830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9405079830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.075560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.075560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.075560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8388.973771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8388.973771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8388.973771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8388.973771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8388.973771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8388.973771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        16635                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         10171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        16651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.610834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5084417643000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9773                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         9773                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         9773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         9773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        16840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        16840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        16840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    244905920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244905920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    244905920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    244905920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    244905920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    244905920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        26613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        26613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.632773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.632773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.632773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.632773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.632773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.632773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14543.106888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14543.106888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14543.106888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14543.106888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14543.106888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14543.106888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    192390216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192390216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    192390216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192390216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    192390216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192390216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.632773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.632773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.632773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.632773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.632773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.632773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11424.597150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11424.597150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11424.597150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11424.597150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11424.597150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11424.597150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       661183                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         38834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       661199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.058733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        38454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        38454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        38454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       661423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       661423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       661423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       661423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       661423                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       661423                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7459333366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7459333366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7459333366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7459333366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7459333366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7459333366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       699877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       699877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       699877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       699877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       699877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       699877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.945056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.945056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.945056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11277.704836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11277.704836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11277.704836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11277.704836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11277.704836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11277.704836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           37                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       661423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       661423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       661423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       661423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       661423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       661423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5437048976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5437048976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5437048976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5437048976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5437048976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5437048976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8220.229681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8220.229681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8220.229681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8220.229681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8220.229681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8220.229681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                212874                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1016.346827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28134916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                213895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                131.536109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083707826648                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1016.346827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.992526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.992526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16872794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16872794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11219389                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11219389                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28092183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28092183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28092183                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28092183                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       428406                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       428406                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        76926                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        76926                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       505332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        505332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       505332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       505332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22048399071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22048399071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3929806564                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3929806564                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25978205635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25978205635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25978205635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25978205635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17301200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17301200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11296315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11296315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28597515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28597515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28597515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28597515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51466.130425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51466.130425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51085.544081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51085.544081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51408.194286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51408.194286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51408.194286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51408.194286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       122304                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           122304                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       266989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       266989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       268260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       268260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       268260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       268260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       161417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       161417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        75655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       237072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       237072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5114994551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5114994551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3587637408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3587637408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8702631959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8702631959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8702631959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8702631959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    889137654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    889137654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2740839144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2740839144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3629976798                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3629976798                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31688.078399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31688.078399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47421.021849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47421.021849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36708.814027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36708.814027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36708.814027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36708.814027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               157359904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19064569                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19064569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2125685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15025863                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10869455                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65547354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              86279318                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19064569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10869455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30286705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        6795813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            171472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      46583327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       219250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27536                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          113                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         14837479                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1181088                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           5029                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    147400447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.185399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.619679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       117677771     79.84%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3217983      2.18%     82.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1399843      0.95%     82.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2099028      1.42%     84.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2095923      1.42%     85.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2189298      1.49%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2409027      1.63%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1863389      1.26%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14448185      9.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    147400447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.121153                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.548293                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        64668784                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     49146851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28510746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       509376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4564690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     171395327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4564690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        66670188                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       17286546                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     28047811                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27018203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3813009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     166471779                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        14450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        971674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1643427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18108                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    184713521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    412497574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    402174284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10323290                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    146783983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        37929648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1030212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1059699                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12176205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21071029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13185174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1210594                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       566072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         155636272                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1193826                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        148323882                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23627486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33401173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       296816                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    147400447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.006265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.651870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     91946940     62.38%     62.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18059529     12.25%     74.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12429458      8.43%     83.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9354791      6.35%     89.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6609740      4.48%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4698841      3.19%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3004752      2.04%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       991781      0.67%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       304615      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    147400447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         325004     38.06%     38.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3808      0.45%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        328062     38.42%     76.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       197050     23.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2128405      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110608059     74.57%     76.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3105999      2.09%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20067051     13.53%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12414368      8.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     148323882                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.942577                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             853924                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    437881761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    175366257                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141214587                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7412326                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5102246                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3621942                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     143344267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3705134                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2267411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3427488                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29514                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15728                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1902015                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        20809                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4564690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       14760703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       133586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156830098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2791663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21071029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13185174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1114135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         64727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         8209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        15728                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       952294                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1367444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2319738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    145905191                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19578075                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2418691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            31815820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15007192                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12237745                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.927207                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             145051362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            144836529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         95395053                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        155283423                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.920416                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614329                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25425809                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       897010                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2127320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    142908540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.917870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.853723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     98871168     69.18%     69.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15074260     10.55%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9013190      6.31%     86.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7449802      5.21%     91.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3624740      2.54%     93.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1863035      1.30%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1404434      0.98%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1382654      0.97%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4225257      2.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    142908540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     65802012                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     131171419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28926714                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17643552                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              54582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13773705                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128074223                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4225257                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           294978875                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          317794688                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 470098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                9959457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180036590980                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           65802012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            131171419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     65802012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.391415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.391415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.418163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.418163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       287769696                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      155938439                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6329482                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3313961                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63214437                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1011039                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53348                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572261328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114805829                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687364985                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572261328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572261328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1003980                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74016514                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76835022                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71532666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16169471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87722145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9728806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9773889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9536896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1913271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11455131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9536896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9536896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1233506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1280477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9536896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3146778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12735608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      990076                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       779                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  765                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 137258                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      861                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1029520                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  131999                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                902                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54279044                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107120548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106654344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6476826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106654344                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266250296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119217064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25941132                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16183466                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9757666                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070761756.224792                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124393643.775201                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
