
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 172659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   307307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               95001439                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4487892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        943480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426344786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    230397337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              976665282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426344786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427003064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426344786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    230397337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1282106323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.602402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001366076000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.602402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.600150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.600150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245996824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245996824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246947824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246947824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246947824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246947824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174713.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174713.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172690.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1581000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11540.145985                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229031092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229031092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229702692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229702692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229702692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229702692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162664.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162664.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160631.253147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           132                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1867.261481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.227273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           87.737142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.291401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.585630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.249134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1236.704012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    504.694215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.455874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5004                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             725                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  725                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2462                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2853                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3087                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3225542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86811669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293569811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24020403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24020403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3225542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110832072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317590214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3225542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626602                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110832072                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317590214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.363116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678363                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.680233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.376418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.376418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104049.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104433.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102737.214177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104592.372289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102898.636873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103536.219828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102651.294872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104049.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104433.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102737.214177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104361.649718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102879.887917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104049.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104433.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102737.214177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104361.649718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102879.887917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       10                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192005919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82272422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277927785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22734403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22734403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192005919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105006825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300662188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192005919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105006825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300662188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11321246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11321246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.532345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.568827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98575.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98933.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97218.186835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99123.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97793.027797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97993.116379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97993.116379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98575.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98933.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97218.186835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98876.483051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97808.128822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98575.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98933.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97218.186835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98876.483051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97808.128822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1820.001549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.878395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.898895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.249425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1256.588759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    522.386169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   10                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2949642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184919277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79261556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      267703677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21950240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21950240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2949642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184919277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101211796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289653917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2949642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184919277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101211796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289653917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               10                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.985279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95149.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95533.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95172.041688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96660.434146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95234.321238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94613.103448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93804.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95149.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95172.041688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96208.931559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95124.439080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95149.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95172.041688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96208.931559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95124.439080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2519542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157616296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67809435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228434409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18649992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18649992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2519542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157616296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86459427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247084401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2519542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157616296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86459427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247084401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.983797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81275.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81522.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81120.069995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82694.432927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81583.717500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80387.896552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80387.896552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81275.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81522.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81120.069995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82185.767110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.216689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81275.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81522.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81120.069995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82185.767110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.216689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3201                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.528334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.139331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369448300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.027704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.500630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290875962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290875962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290875962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    290875962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290875962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    290875962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66638.250172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66592.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66638.250172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66592.482143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66638.250172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66592.482143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          655                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227153987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227153987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227153987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227153987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227153987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227153987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61227.489757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61227.489757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61227.489757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          106                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.452851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.179245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.253641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.199210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2406494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2406494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2406494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2406494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20926.034783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20394.016949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20926.034783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20394.016949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20926.034783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20394.016949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2053097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2053097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2053097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2053097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2053097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2053097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.332370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17853.017391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.017391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.017391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2485                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.880316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.076459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.834510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2501                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33110194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33110194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33110194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33110194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33110194                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33110194                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13270.618838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.782087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13270.618838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.782087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13270.618838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13238.782087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25446921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25446921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25446921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25446921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25446921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25446921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10199.166733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10199.166733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10199.166733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1614                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               234.708885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.941140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001321644000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.743375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   232.965511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.910022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.916832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15640                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15643                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44990                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2785                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201086493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201086493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28313376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28313376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229399869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    229399869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229399869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    229399869                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022679                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72255.297521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72203.408618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78430.404432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77998.280992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72964.334924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72871.622935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72964.334924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72871.622935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1272                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99061522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99061522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25937992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25937992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124999514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124999514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124999514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124999514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11774652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11774652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64915.807339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64915.807339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74965.294798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74965.294798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66773.244658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  779231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41756                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30903                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16818                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       176118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                197859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41756                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16818                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        152633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           40                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          363                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             40                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       408482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.901401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.375878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          351005     85.93%     85.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2823      0.69%     86.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2127      0.52%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2954      0.72%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4643      1.14%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4198      1.03%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5478      1.34%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2195      0.54%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33059      8.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       408482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.253916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       160186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        353684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          86317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        336377                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       372229                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       838354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       838264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          139457                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1014                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32495                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24643                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            312985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           280046                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       101990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       147817                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          872                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       408482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.685577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.449321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       304627     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34244      8.38%     82.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21775      5.33%     88.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17965      4.40%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12293      3.01%     95.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9165      2.24%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5953      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2038      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       408482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            642     45.92%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           397     28.40%     74.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          359     25.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2977      1.06%      1.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       217232     77.57%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38642     13.80%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21185      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        280046                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.359388                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1398                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004992                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       972384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       416793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        278453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15956                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8596                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       314707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24643                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           580                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       271970                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36674                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28121                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20141                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.349024                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                267715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               267001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176196                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           279628                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.342647                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630109                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109747                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6435                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       389817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.485320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       321437     82.46%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24663      6.33%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12559      3.22%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10560      2.71%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6256      1.60%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3408      0.87%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1802      0.46%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2454      0.63%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6678      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       389817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111760                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43580                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27533                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22845                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           203087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              697685                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             648239                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2543                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 370749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96622                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.972360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.972360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143423                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143423                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          529347                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         293717                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117890                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           692                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.098019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 98018596953                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099851561139                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  86775                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   158462                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               98232917                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4591504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   997.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86586093                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158116554                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1966144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5860224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18543808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26635008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5860224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5860224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10521152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10521152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       289747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               416172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         164393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              164393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20058887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              823354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1065594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     59786859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    189186630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              271734230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     59786859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          59786859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        107338325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             107338325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        107338325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20058887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             823354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1065594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     59786859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    189186630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             379072555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48706                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.870649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.508759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.361890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.281797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.647618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.929416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            993                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               993                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           245                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              245                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16229                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1528                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32568                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17757                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1780154266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1801070266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5457381120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5585248120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5478297120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1908021266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7386318386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5478297120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1908021266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7386318386                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43125.773196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109689.707684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107758.182721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175817.690722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83682.591623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171494.968067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173776.276606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107451.780481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149878.624772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173776.276606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107451.780481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149878.624772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52578203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5320                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9883.120865                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32193                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32193                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14846500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1584806036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1599652536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5083317628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    109192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5192509928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5098164128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1693998336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792162464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5098164128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1693998336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6792162464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861816                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30611.340206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97652.722657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95707.343305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163766.676160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71460.929319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159435.947187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161718.132530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95398.903869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137822.378637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161718.132530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95398.903869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137822.378637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1192882                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4054.577994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         3128204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1196919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.613547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15023787009300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          961.219800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.130906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.238147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.112554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    80.840350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.001906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1538.365920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1438.665449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.234673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.375578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.351237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       371382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47597                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       493155                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1228911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2141045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1150811                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              1150811                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               35754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        77232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                77232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       371382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       493155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1306143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2218277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       371382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       493155                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1306143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2218277                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       472864                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1019193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       174560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             174560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       647424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1193753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       647424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1193753                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545149212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    351370793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18919353773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26236898287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    46052772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    230385078                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    230385078                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13120191207                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13120191207                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545149212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    351370793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18919353773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39357089494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     59172963272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    545149212                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    351370793                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18919353773                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39357089494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    59172963272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       389539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1010176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1701775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3160238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1150811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          1150811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        39718                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           39718                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       251792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           251792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       389539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1010176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1953567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3412030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       389539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1010176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1953567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3412030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.322505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.099804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.693271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.349866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.349866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30024.189679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31510.249574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36593.008356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55485.082998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45185.526260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58119.343592                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58119.343592                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75161.498665                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75161.498665                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30024.189679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31510.249574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36593.008356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60790.285028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49568.849898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30024.189679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31510.249574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36593.008356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60790.285028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49568.849898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              318555                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   318555                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       472864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1019148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       174560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        174560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1193708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       517017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1193708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    445615347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    289891099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16001660495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23626941064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40364108005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297077877                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    297077877                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12146859262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12146859262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    445615347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    289891099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16001660495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35773800326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52510967267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    445615347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    289891099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16001660495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35773800326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52510967267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    188724473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    188724473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    302380959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    302380959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    491105432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    491105432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.693271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.189351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24561.282423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26059.969346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30949.969721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49965.616042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39605.737346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74943.964934                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74943.964934                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69585.582390                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69585.582390                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24561.282423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26059.969346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30949.969721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55255.598072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43989.792535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24561.282423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26059.969346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30949.969721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55255.598072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43989.792535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        357174                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30751.995809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          953005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        389243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.448355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15068640773252                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8265.687459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.504164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.558971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.980896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.273026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.483480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    96.374741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9375.256405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12866.876667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.252249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.938476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16511                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9879                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       425448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       281822                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 733660                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          318555                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               318555                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          824                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 824                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                60562                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       425448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       342384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  794222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9879                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       425448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       342384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 794222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               285488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4389                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4389                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112749                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112749                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       303791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                398237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       303791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               398237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    153369795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116689898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8564773860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17816734727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26651568280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110903680                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    110903680                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10660383822                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10660383822                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    153369795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116689898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8564773860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28477118549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37311952102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    153369795                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116689898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8564773860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28477118549                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37311952102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       517017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       472864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1019148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       318555                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           318555                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       173311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           173311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       517017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       646175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1192459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       517017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       646175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1192459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.280124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841934                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.841934                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.650559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.333963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.333963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93976.590074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93726.825703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.552403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93260.826033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93354.425685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25268.553201                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25268.553201                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94549.697310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94549.697310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93976.590074                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93726.825703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.552403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93739.177754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93692.831409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93976.590074                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93726.825703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93533.552403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93739.177754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93692.831409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              132200                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   132200                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           398237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          398237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    130502217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99211348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7274723343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15128843088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22633279996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    327880517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327880517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9060402244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9060402244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    130502217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99211348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7274723343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24189245332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31693682240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    130502217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99211348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7274723343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24189245332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31693682240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    166392601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    166392601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    267637617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    267637617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    434030218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    434030218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841934                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841934                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.333963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.089952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.111920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79964.593750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79687.829719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.263604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79191.188786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79279.269167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74705.061973                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74705.061973                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80359.047477                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80359.047477                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79964.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79687.829719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.263604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79624.627892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79584.976383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79964.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79687.829719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.263604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79624.627892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79584.976383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                86643395                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12253                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 84170558                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2472837                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           7774                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4479                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 294                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1010177                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11338382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1010689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.218468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11330098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11330098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11330098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11330098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11330098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11330098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1142068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1142068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1142068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1142068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1142068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1142068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  32844305167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32844305167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  32844305167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  32844305167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  32844305167                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  32844305167                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12472166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12472166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12472166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12472166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12472166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12472166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28758.624852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28758.624852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28758.624852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28758.624852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28758.624852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28758.624852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4528471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33544.229630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1010184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1010184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1010184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1010184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1010184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1010184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24715769623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24715769623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24715769623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24715769623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24715769623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24715769623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24466.601751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24466.601751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24466.601751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24466.601751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24466.601751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24466.601751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        60470                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.697843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        313737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        60486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.186936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002269865300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.697843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       313221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       313221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       313221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        63602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        63602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        63602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1071086585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1071086585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1071086585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1071086585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1071086585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1071086585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       376823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       376823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       376823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       376823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       376823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       376823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.454467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.454467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.454467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.454467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.454467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.454467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8715                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8715                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    863441551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863441551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    863441551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    863441551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    863441551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    863441551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13575.698107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.698107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13575.698107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.698107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13575.698107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.698107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       398818                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.906737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1673804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       398834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.196744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.906737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.994171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.994171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1673288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1673288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1673288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1673288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1673288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1673288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401927                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       401927                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       401927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401927                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       401927                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6421861759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6421861759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6421861759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6421861759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6421861759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6421861759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2075215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2075215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2075215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2075215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.193680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.193680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.193680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.193680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15977.681915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15977.681915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15977.681915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15977.681915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15977.681915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15977.681915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       137058                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       137058                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5143528530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5143528530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5143528530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5143528530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5143528530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5143528530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12797.170954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12797.170954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12797.170954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12797.170954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12797.170954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12797.170954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1954876                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.948018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21477151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1955132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 10.985013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.948018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13570232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13570232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7848148                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7848148                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21418380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21418380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21418380                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21418380                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2808550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2808550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       293843                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       293843                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3102393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       3102393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3102393                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      3102393                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105737032384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 105737032384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16006726697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16006726697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121743759081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 121743759081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121743759081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 121743759081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16378782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16378782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8141991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8141991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24520773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24520773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24520773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24520773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.171475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37648.264188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37648.264188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54473.738347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54473.738347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39241.888143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39241.888143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39241.888143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39241.888143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1005038                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          1005038                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1104073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1104073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1107227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1107227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1107227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1107227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1704477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1704477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       290689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       290689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1995166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1995166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1995166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1995166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45208253528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45208253528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14834310740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14834310740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60042564268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60042564268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60042564268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60042564268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    196794637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    196794637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    314501920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    314501920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    511296557                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    511296557                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26523.240576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26523.240576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51031.551727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51031.551727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30094.019379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30094.019379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30094.019379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30094.019379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               239403853                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17654259                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17654259                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1873905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13514622                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9608009                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     58409231                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              81818022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17654259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9608009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25699433                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7931465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1918661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     100498780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        18845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       292312                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1125                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12472266                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1134596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27583                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    192748316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.775346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.190730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       167918955     87.12%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1442772      0.75%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1471920      0.76%     88.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2276377      1.18%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2134044      1.11%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1717123      0.89%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1741105      0.90%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1705770      0.88%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12340250      6.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    192748316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.073743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.341757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61143673                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    101538108                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22653973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1502633                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5909929                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     145470537                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          403                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5909929                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        63462137                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       78216715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12960260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21640612                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     10558663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     141047576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       177142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3558044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5862451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       228819                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    159240923                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    367053015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    365399583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1653432                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113832429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        45408613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       386196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       386413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         22429076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22940892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10875676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3232654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1980160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         134921277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       470657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        122793227                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       442119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33649831                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     52522178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       158283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    192748316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.637065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.286486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    139089825     72.16%     72.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21447774     11.13%     83.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14150847      7.34%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7583830      3.93%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5167472      2.68%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2962902      1.54%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1708113      0.89%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       541231      0.28%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        96322      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    192748316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         285379     44.97%     44.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     44.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     44.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6210      0.98%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        231489     36.47%     82.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111584     17.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       847248      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90766466     73.92%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       423395      0.34%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20806652     16.94%     91.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9949466      8.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     122793227                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.512912                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             634662                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    438917985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168226119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118919155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1093004                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       888674                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       506399                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     122036266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         544375                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3908106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5961202                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        34711                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        77691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2732634                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5909929                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       55659139                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1051107                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135391934                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1225465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22940892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10875676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       444846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        512715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        26681                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        77691                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       909432                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2063630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120787365                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20295912                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2005862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            30062894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13343800                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9766982                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.504534                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             119667197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            119425554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         81069770                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        131944322                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.498846                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614424                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     35727934                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312374                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1910543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    186882268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.576875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    155246096     83.07%     83.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12584213      6.73%     89.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4415077      2.36%     92.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5021245      2.69%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2119253      1.13%     95.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1075514      0.58%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       629357      0.34%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       780642      0.42%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5010871      2.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    186882268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55261327                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99660288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25122741                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16979703                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9517                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11719208                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99133428                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5010871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           317131064                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          276713831                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1003886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               46655537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            54946199                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55261327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99660288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55261327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.332213                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.332213                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.230829                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.230829                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       245000370                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      132982553                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           838214                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          437820                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       58436319                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360346                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2118784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       376096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320155600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52389999                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375108081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320155600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320155600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36453431                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45358844                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        47012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40019450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8260809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48596246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5007926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5148296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       155154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             534531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21616143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3836986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3266274054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          534490399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3826907267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3266274054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3266274054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80107574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          10746746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         371903212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            462757532                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80262728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11281278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21616143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3836986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3266274054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         906393611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4289664799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               86643395                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12253                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2472837                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                84170558                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4479                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          7774                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                437                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      294350677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30257016                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56565810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56127144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380897                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4679563                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56127144                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380897                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145366771                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63595523                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636971                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13262116                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8261614                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5000502                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             228018125.046770                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66332551.953230                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.225352                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.774648                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
