
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  86702                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153966                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48356311                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519717                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224546029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              981422911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224546029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1288766149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.284153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046571000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.284153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1803100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11269.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1298                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.623044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.677196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           93.499819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.206292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.587570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.025489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.992035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.474428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    987.151038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    317.686373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.077560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.349029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             513                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  513                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3425141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214319642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74835510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293068494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34286062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34286062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3425141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214319642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109121572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       327354556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3425141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214319642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109121572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      327354556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.437274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.861893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.862944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.458647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.458647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79654.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61025.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88306.403791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97442.070312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89925.895674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101739.056380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100841.358824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79654.441860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61025.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88306.403791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98752.553846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90957.086969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79654.441860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61025.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88306.403791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98752.553846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90957.086969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  90                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       90                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3191076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200842239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70638913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275115514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32419991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32419991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3191076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200842239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103058904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307535505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3191076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200842239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103058904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307535505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.861893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.456608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74211.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82753.291718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91977.751302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84755.241528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96201.753709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96201.753709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74211.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82753.291718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93265.976471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85831.846218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74211.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82753.291718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93265.976471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85831.846218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1756.106283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           17.310858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.840986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.746210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.193823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    441.014547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              90                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   90                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186993258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66826724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257074666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31148262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31148262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186993258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97974986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288222928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186993258                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97974986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288222928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.829396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.988201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.844358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.844358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94920.435533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97415.049563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95107.164632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93820.066265                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92979.886567                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94920.435533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96242.618861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94872.589862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94920.435533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96242.618861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94872.589862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159296981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57273817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219351614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26402190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26402190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159296981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83676007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245753804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159296981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83676007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245753804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80861.411675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83489.529155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81543.350929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79524.668675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79524.668675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80861.411675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82196.470530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81321.576439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80861.411675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82196.470530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81321.576439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3390                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.258217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.172566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049777300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.960940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20944                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20961                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20944                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4593                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299600436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299600436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299600436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299600436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299600436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299600436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65229.792293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65187.214099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65229.792293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65187.214099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65229.792293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65187.214099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234387342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234387342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234387342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234387342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234387342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234387342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60099.318462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.318462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.086190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.619565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.746432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1726430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1726430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1726430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.292614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.292614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.292614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17983.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16761.456311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17983.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16761.456311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17983.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16761.456311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14852.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14852.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2359                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.018513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2375                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2375                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30425666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30425666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30425666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30425666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30425666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30425666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.884873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.884873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12843.252849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.806737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12843.252849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.806737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12843.252849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.806737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23127591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23127591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23127591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23127591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23127591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23127591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9762.596454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9762.596454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   953                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.143407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.060860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130155300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.143478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16215                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16219                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43596                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    142743790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142743790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38073538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38073538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180817328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    180817328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180817328                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    180817328                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77578.146739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77578.146739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90867.632458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90221.654028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80043.084551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.926614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80043.084551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.926614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          513                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              513                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80929524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80929524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35598483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35598483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116528007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116528007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116528007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116528007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3991762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3991762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7788930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7788930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780692                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780692                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75353.374302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75353.374302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87251.183824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87251.183824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38037                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28912                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15008                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172286                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15008                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          488                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             25                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.835991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.303423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353546     87.01%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2494      0.61%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1943      0.48%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2827      0.70%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3938      0.97%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3765      0.93%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5088      1.25%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1988      0.49%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30724      7.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049229                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172316                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106947                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46568                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310641                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       767817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       767727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            288816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           258909                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       134731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          781                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.637216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.413759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310662     76.46%     76.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31659      7.79%     84.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19870      4.89%     89.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16264      4.00%     93.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11363      2.80%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8600      2.12%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5445      1.34%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2004      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          446      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            493     39.47%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     32.03%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          356     28.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2892      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199033     76.87%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35434     13.69%     91.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21540      8.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        258909                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335088                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1249                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       927660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       384006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246516                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14634                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8155                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       290413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           270                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251335                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33532                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25562                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20566                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325286                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159896                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250696                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319061                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637808                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.410164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323716     83.23%     83.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24220      6.23%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12374      3.18%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10053      2.58%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5909      1.52%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3050      0.78%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1718      0.44%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2459      0.63%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5437      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103983                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41920                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25236                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20609                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              673782                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             598389                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97773                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.430628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.430628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          483772                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268158                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109852                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           661                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049005                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60049005358194                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132512982973                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42953                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82786                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1650455774                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4738548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36383.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1562763107                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3012030038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3414976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        33984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2436096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     53061248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            59192832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2436096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2436096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     39429632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         39429632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        38064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       829082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               924888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         616088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              616088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       883632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 985742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           656624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                656624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           656624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       883632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1642366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   294913                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.659455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   294927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.043730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.615724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.913483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.916216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               60                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       412174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          415704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        27419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          78619                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        439593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           494323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       439593                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          494323                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    509029664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47398573437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47907603101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9017136600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1184766000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10201902600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9526166264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48583339437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  58109505701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9526166264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48583339437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  58109505701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       412358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        415888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        27479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       439837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         494567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       439837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        494567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144201.037960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114996.514669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115244.508355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176115.949219                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43209.672125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129763.830626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110518.910531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117553.716297                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174057.487009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110518.910531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117553.716297                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    407070136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47440                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8580.736425                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55296                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55296                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       412174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        27419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       439593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       494323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       439593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       494323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466092300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42423014500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42889106800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8400021328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    842238800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9242260128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8866113628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43265253300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52131366928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8866113628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43265253300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52131366928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999237                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132037.478754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102925.013465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103172.225430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164062.916563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30717.341989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117557.589489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161997.325562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98421.160710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105460.128151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161997.325562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98421.160710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105460.128151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11276655                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2874.956346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        42306305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11279480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.750732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1015.877288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   112.130193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.940864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    812.082019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    933.925974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.198262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.228009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.701894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19860765                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       298951                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9471994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5558443                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               35190153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9373527                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              9373527                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1436465                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1436465                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1337101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1337101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19860765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       298951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9471994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6895544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                36527254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19860765                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       298951                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9471994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6895544                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               36527254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419717                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6201                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3282898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5307804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              9016620                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            26                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 26                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       131801                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            131801                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2011427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2011427                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3282898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7319231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11028047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419717                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6201                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3282898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7319231                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11028047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9073076811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    179156316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74210610820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163501310252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   246964154199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2303264358                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2303264358                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93211288954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  93211288954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9073076811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    179156316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74210610820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256712599206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    340175443153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9073076811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    179156316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74210610820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256712599206                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   340175443153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20280482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       305152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12754892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10866247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           44206773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9373553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          9373553                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1568266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1568266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3348528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3348528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20280482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       305152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12754892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14214775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            47555301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20280482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       305152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12754892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14214775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           47555301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.203965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084043                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.084043                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.600690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.231899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.231899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21617.129664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28891.520077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22605.213692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30803.946463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27389.881596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17475.317775                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17475.317775                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46340.875883                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46340.875883                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21617.129664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28891.520077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22605.213692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35073.711870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30846.390404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21617.129664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28891.520077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22605.213692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35073.711870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30846.390404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5361312                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5361312                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3282886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5307804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9016573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           26                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            26                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       131801                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       131801                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2011427                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2011427                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3282886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7319231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11028000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3282886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7319231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11028000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6831387504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    145468494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  55536273694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134182326374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 196695456066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9084787092                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9084787092                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81809204924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81809204924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6831387504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    145468494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  55536273694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215991531298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 278504660990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6831387504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    145468494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  55536273694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215991531298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 278504660990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8444956659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8444956659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11702140229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11702140229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20147096888                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20147096888                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084043                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084043                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.231898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.257383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16276.718308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23538.591262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16916.905946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25280.196174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21814.879785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68928.058907                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68928.058907                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40672.221723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40672.221723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16276.718308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23538.591262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16916.905946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29510.139972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25254.321816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16276.718308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23538.591262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16916.905946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29510.139972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25254.321816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        840653                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32188.360775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        13496968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        872980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         15.460799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18243.754758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.081450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   125.046961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    27.422064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2432.841675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11353.181595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.556755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.074244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.346472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417421                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5649                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3244821                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4779507                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8447398                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5361338                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5361338                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32630                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32630                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1383547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1383547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3244821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6163054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 9830945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417421                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5649                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3244821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6163054                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                9830945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38065                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       528297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               569175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       321001                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            321001                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       406050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             406050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       934347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                975225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38065                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       934347                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               975225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211693146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49331539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3566622028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48786932218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    52614578931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    949094246                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    949094246                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37311134774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  37311134774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211693146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49331539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3566622028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86098066992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     89925713705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211693146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49331539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3566622028                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86098066992                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    89925713705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3282886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5307804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            9016573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5361338                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5361338                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       353631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          353631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1789597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1789597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3282886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7097401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10806170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       419703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3282886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7097401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10806170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.063125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907729                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.907729                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.226895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.090247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.090247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92766.496933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92903.086629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93698.201182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92347.547342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92440.073670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2956.670683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2956.670683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91888.030474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91888.030474                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92766.496933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92903.086629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93698.201182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92147.849773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92210.221954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92766.496933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92903.086629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93698.201182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92147.849773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92210.221954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              560792                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   560792                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       528297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          569175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       321001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       321001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       406050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        406050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       934347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           975225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        38065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       934347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          975225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179685154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     41880791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029717633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41364923135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44616206713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24298039242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24298039242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31456087718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31456087718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179685154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     41880791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029717633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72821010853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  76072294431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179685154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     41880791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3029717633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72821010853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  76072294431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7574634922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7574634922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10404761317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10404761317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17979396239                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17979396239                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907729                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.907729                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.090247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78740.207713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78871.546139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79593.265020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78298.614482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78387.502461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75694.590490                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75694.590490                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77468.508110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77468.508110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78740.207713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78871.546139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79593.265020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77937.865539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78004.864960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78740.207713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78871.546139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79593.265020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77937.865539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78004.864960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24190007                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68090                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18712                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        332                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   258                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18523                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3231773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19044                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24258097                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           317                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3222702                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9071                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18445                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12754894                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137530057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12755406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.782100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137521683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137521683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137521683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137521683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137521683                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137521683                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13414223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13414223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13414223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13414223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13414223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13414223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 231866093621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 231866093621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 231866093621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 231866093621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 231866093621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 231866093621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    150935906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    150935906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    150935906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    150935906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    150935906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    150935906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17285.093115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17285.093115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17285.093115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17285.093115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17285.093115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17285.093115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       466256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38854.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       659317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       659317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       659317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       659317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       659317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       659317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12754906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12754906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12754906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12754906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12754906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12754906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176894670136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176894670136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176894670136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 176894670136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176894670136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 176894670136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13868.755296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13868.755296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13868.755296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13868.755296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13868.755296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13868.755296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       310313                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.980169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        481484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       310329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.551528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5084444772300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.980162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       481177                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       481177                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       481177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       481177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       481177                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       481177                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310524                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       310524                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       310524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       310524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5779113923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5779113923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5779113923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5779113923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5779113923                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5779113923                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       791701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       791701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       791701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       791701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       791701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       791701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.392224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.392224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.392224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.392224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.392224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.392224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18610.844646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18610.844646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18610.844646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18610.844646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18610.844646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18610.844646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       310524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       310524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       310524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4833872865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4833872865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4833872865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4833872865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4833872865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4833872865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.392224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.392224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.392224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15566.825318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15566.825318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15566.825318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15566.825318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15566.825318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15566.825318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20793144                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9526936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20793160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.458176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9526596                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9526596                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9526596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9526596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9526596                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9526596                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20794697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20794697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20794697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20794697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20794697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20794697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 242024435338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 242024435338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 242024435338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 242024435338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 242024435338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 242024435338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30321293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30321293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30321293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30321293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30321293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30321293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.685812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.685812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.685812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.685812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.685812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.685812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11638.757484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11638.757484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11638.757484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11638.757484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11638.757484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11638.757484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       205861                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       205861                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20794697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20794697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20794697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20794697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20794697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20794697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 178517658204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 178517658204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 178517658204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 178517658204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 178517658204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 178517658204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.685812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.685812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.685812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8584.768425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8584.768425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8584.768425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8584.768425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8584.768425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8584.768425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14188865                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.998696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               252744159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14189377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 17.812210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.031267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.967429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    147111644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      147111644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103959130                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103959130                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    251070774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       251070774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    251070774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      251070774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22470040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22470040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4935209                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4935209                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27405249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      27405249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27405249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     27405249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 760879046482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 760879046482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152523401369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 152523401369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 913402447851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 913402447851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 913402447851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 913402447851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169581684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169581684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108894339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108894339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33861.935559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33861.935559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30905.155459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30905.155459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33329.470856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33329.470856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33329.470856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33329.470856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9160501                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          9160501                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11598424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11598424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        33217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11631641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11631641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11631641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11631641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10871616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10871616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4901992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4901992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15773608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15773608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15773608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15773608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272155634466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 272155634466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132663106793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132663106793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404818741259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 404818741259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404818741259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 404818741259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8789874012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8789874012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12176374113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12176374113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20966248125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20966248125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25033.595232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25033.595232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27063.101448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27063.101448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25664.308461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25664.308461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25664.308461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25664.308461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2491929354                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       203151399                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    203151399                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22453914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    130991055                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91311905                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    823600177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             928929413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          203151399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91311905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            308005987                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       75725035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           8866725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1131088216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5138589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1412356                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          198                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        150935917                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13549297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          75023                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2330774826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.799233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.247234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2028384975     87.03%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23646899      1.01%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15557139      0.67%     88.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19083460      0.82%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21414794      0.92%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19577780      0.84%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17367149      0.75%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        22870565      0.98%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       162872065      6.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2330774826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.081524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.372775                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       797444794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1183675518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        285872037                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11119899                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      52662578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1831902698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          589                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      52662578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       831055468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      829172384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    234552494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        262218550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    121113352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1789172178                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1477690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49653831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     60743426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1734490                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2002448896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4555843061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4252761206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303081855                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1532142315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       470306585                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3577561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3689435                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        281082029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    201119912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    126767191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13675001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12091390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1635914793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6319323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1538960435                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9580410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    260335323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    384855846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1932913                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2330774826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.660278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.363413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1695016366     72.72%     72.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    248734139     10.67%     83.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    153698390      6.59%     89.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87351369      3.75%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61520605      2.64%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43562700      1.87%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     31218228      1.34%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7814111      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1858918      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2330774826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3167353     35.60%     35.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12828      0.14%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3416932     38.41%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2298770     25.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33038664      2.15%      2.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1107341576     71.95%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90684251      5.89%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189239270     12.30%     92.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118656674      7.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1538960435                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.617578                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8895883                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5219739891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1755904336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1404598065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215402879                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    146801104                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105601920                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1407144300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107673354                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15779444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34911782                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       202228                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       151578                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     18602635                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       107254                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      52662578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      637431884                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10568332                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1642234116                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     52211608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    201119912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    126767191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4247930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5463649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       722105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       151578                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6822681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18291516                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25114197                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1517576474                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185194742                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21383962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           302557322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155676472                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117362580                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.608997                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1511326469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1510199985                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1007791688                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1736375270                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.606036                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580400                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    286110760                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4386411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22584132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2278434972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.595231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.623598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1841687349     80.83%     80.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    154257326      6.77%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90514137      3.97%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64560792      2.83%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25973640      1.14%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17278099      0.76%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13746339      0.60%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8873367      0.39%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     61543923      2.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2278434972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    679735411                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1356196018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274372685                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166208129                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1523698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141605978                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270258                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1281999858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     61543923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3858450084                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3338267936                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6861959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              161154528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177834584983                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          679735411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1356196018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    679735411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.666028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.666028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.272775                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.272775                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3072124834                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1579274273                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185045647                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96527341                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      599541597                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3118222                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376730                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73091368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77628544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9327354176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1861849394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11340414556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9327354176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9327354176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24498647                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203659454                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1229972629                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9136421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1165919272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260041812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1444823768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          408675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156633790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157070817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1217195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155329037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31005499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188852663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155329037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155329037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            407978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20044619                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20482814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            414251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1217195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155329037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51050119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209335477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68090                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24190007                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18712                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  123                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18523                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3231773                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19044                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24258097                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          317                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9071                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3222702                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13638                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327337039                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 881964934                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1653953942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1647186103                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442309                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111542527                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1647186103                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442309                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4194217234                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1817116235                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717597                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364581                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417336892                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260344956                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                156991936                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178389317546.604675                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1938019492.395335                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010747                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989253                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
