
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54448                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96179                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29381609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1205895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    201874890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    536479915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              751037135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    201874890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202048621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7991605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    201874890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    536479915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             751037135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2109                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1543.758593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.461356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          220.051170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.466325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.057951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.376909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.584510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.678939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    404.689549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    890.645723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.053723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.098801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.217443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.376894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2698                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          431                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1012                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1012                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          460                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5303757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1947865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123266268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246998087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      377515977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       425038                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       425038                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73484664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73484664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5303757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1947865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123266268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    320482751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       451000641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5303757                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1947865                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123266268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    320482751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      451000641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.514587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.394366                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.394366                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.960758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.554246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.554246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71672.391892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81161.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94529.346626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99315.676317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96848.634428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15179.928571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15179.928571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103645.506347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103499.526761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71672.391892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81161.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94529.346626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100276.204944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97873.402995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71672.391892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81161.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94529.346626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100276.204944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97873.402995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 321                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      321                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4897530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1816247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116041934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    233211014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355966725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1388246                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1388246                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69597879                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69597879                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4897530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1816247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116041934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302808893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425564604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4897530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1816247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116041934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302808893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425564604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.394366                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394366                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.553043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.553043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66182.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 75676.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88989.213190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93772.020105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91531.685523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49580.214286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49580.214286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98163.440056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98163.440056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66182.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 75676.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88989.213190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94746.211827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92554.285341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66182.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 75676.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88989.213190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94746.211827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92554.285341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2067.253414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           91.363205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.126673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.514760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    552.321687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1380.599287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.063088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          142                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          106                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             321                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  321                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          142                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    285                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2381                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3615                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4323                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4303900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109834228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223418967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339203762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       184588                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       184588                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67121787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67121787                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4303900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109834228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290540754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       406325549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4303900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646667                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109834228                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290540754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      406325549                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          321                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              321                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.621622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.708333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.957378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.927399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997179                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.997183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.621622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.708333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.938151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.621622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.708333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.938151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93563.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96862.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94521.710843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93834.089458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93832.299308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15382.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15382.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94938.878359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94804.783898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93563.043478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96862.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94521.710843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94087.031736                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93991.568124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93563.043478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96862.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94521.710843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94087.031736                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93991.568124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3659914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1411254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93512074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189937113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288520355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57112503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57112503                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3659914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1411254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93512074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247049616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345632858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3659914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1411254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93512074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247049616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345632858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.621622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.708333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.957378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.621622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.708333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.935981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.621622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.708333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.891104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79563.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83014.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80475.106713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79771.992020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80011.191070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80781.475248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80781.475248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79563.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83014.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80475.106713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80003.113990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80137.458382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79563.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83014.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80475.106713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80003.113990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80137.458382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1112                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               349.115793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.868705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.402721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.713071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.681080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.681867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1951                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162909744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162909744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162909744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162909744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162909744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162909744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83543.458462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83500.637622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83543.458462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83500.637622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83543.458462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83500.637622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129495117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129495117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129495117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129495117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129495117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129495117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79935.257407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79935.257407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79935.257407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79935.257407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79935.257407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79935.257407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          245                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.679713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.408163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019264812000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.507627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.172087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.573255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.667482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          286                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5258281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5258281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5258281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5258281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5258281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5258281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.193636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18646.386525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18385.597902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18646.386525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18385.597902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18646.386525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18385.597902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4357697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15452.826241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15452.826241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15452.826241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15452.826241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15452.826241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15452.826241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2792                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.275974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.716691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124891300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.662683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.613292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2838                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2843                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33625697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33625697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33625697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33625697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33625697                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33625697                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.559976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.559976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.559976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11848.378083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11827.540274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11848.378083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11827.540274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11848.378083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11827.540274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24802839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24802839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24802839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24802839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24802839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24802839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.559874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8739.548626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8739.548626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8739.548626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8739.548626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8739.548626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8739.548626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.846105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081965300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45436                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21986                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21986                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    704743820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    704743820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79734405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79734405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    784478225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    784478225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    784478225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    784478225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95300.043272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95274.276058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98559.215080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98437.537037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95621.431619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95586.478007                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95621.431619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95586.478007                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          994                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              994                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256359117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256359117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76614893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76614893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332974010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332974010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332974010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332974010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035446                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035445                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87824.294964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87824.294964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94820.412129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94820.412129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89341.027636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89341.027636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89341.027636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89341.027636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56628                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38466                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24445                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       153793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                265475                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1674                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             92                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       751514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.646777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          669990     89.15%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8872      1.18%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5271      0.70%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3687      0.49%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5825      0.78%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5535      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5341      0.71%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3378      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43615      5.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       751514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       489343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4632                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         23684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        468281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         23684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         394450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        63567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69309                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        447121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          321                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       536872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1167524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1167524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       334560                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          202169                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2116                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74405                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            422274                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           370701                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       140085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       223489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          678                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       751514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.493272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       601961     80.10%     80.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56203      7.48%     87.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34382      4.58%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22697      3.02%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16277      2.17%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10611      1.41%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6640      0.88%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2304      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          439      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       751514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            785     33.29%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           851     36.09%     69.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          722     30.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3021      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280370     75.63%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59637     16.09%     92.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27673      7.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        370701                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335132                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2358                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1498937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       564631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       357975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        370038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4365                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21966                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          125                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7188                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         23684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         354537                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4028                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       424429                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2076                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          125                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7325                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       363073                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57406                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84485                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37457                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27079                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328236                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                358970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               357975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248889                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397653                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323627                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625895                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6401                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       727992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.314669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       636230     87.40%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35813      4.92%     92.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13896      1.91%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15039      2.07%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7081      0.97%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3488      0.48%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2904      0.40%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2270      0.31%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11271      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       727992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156213                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        277968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67363                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44568                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30694                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           277590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1140042                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             872465                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 354619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               277968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.080928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.080928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          728683                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         417765                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168401                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.095623                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1095623099181                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6115390368786                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46701                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32017971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4667620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34219.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855644580                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1598076912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       941248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10343744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15021696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       941248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         941248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11160128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11160128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       161621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               234714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         174377                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              174377                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3225343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       859098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9440969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13710642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       859098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            859098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10186101                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10186101                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10186101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3225343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       859098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9440969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23896743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105313                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.476069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.522620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020575174000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.360739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.960046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8084                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8084                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103834                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103861                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99431                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101159                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4604625468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4605719468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123793784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6705134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6828927784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124887784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11309759468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11434647252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124887784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11309759468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11434647252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40518.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44346.027968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44345.032958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71639.921296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67435.045408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67506.873180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71161.130484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55640.466721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55773.325783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71161.130484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55640.466721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55773.325783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       421900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11402.702703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       753200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3320983408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3321736608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102991992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5476843112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5579835104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103745192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8797826520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8901571712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103745192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8797826520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8901571712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924810                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27896.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31983.583489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31982.520946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59601.847222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55081.846828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55159.057563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59114.069516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43282.545052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43418.065125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59114.069516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43282.545052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43418.065125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31393089                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3541.044369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        50478956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31396559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.607786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          434.658269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.264581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.865991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2399.991874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    614.263654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.106118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.585936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.149967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.864513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17430488                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19306500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5136716                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46251375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6848024                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              6848024                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1219833                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1219833                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1041487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1041487                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17430488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19306500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6178203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                47292862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17430488                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19306500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6178203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               47292862                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       564332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313170                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6891351                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             28785610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             83430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2017949                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2017949                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       564332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8909300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              30803559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       564332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313170                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8909300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             30803559                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12550917538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6754699166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463684442307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170990859595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   653980918606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2196259033                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2196259033                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58404335884                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  58404335884                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12550917538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6754699166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463684442307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229395195479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    712385254490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12550917538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6754699166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463684442307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229395195479                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   712385254490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17994820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4690841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40323257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12028067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           75036985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6848026                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          6848026                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1303263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1303263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3059436                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3059436                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17994820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4690841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40323257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15087503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            78096421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17994820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4690841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40323257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15087503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           78096421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.572939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.383619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.064016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.659582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.659582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.394430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.394430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22240.308078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21568.793837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22062.606629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24812.385785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22719.022408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26324.571893                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26324.571893                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28942.424156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28942.424156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22240.308078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21568.793837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22062.606629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25747.836023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23126.719042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22240.308078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21568.793837                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22062.606629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25747.836023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23126.719042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4491421                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4491421                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6891351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28781878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83430                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        83430                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2017949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2017949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8909300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         30799827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8909300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        30799827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9504033947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5031724547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 344461232489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133058102585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 492055093568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3370543585                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3370543585                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47065313212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47065313212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9504033947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5031724547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 344461232489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180123415797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 539120406780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9504033947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5031724547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 344461232489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180123415797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 539120406780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10278864087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10278864087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15397965196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15397965196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25676829283                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25676829283                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.572939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.659582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.394382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16898.974484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16160.108640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16389.837523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19307.985123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17096.003727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40399.659415                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40399.659415                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23323.341280                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23323.341280                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16898.974484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16160.108640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16389.837523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20217.459935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17504.007629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16898.974484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16160.108640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16389.837523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20217.459935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17504.007629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        178790                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32353.319572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        32956212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        211259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        155.999091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        19009.179046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.068497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   434.203833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   139.947044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5578.898188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7191.004460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.580114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.219452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       560225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21002042                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6742100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               28615134                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4491423                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4491423                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33777                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               33777                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1842197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1842197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       560225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21002042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8584297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30457331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       560225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21002042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8584297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30457331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               166744                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             69390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       156015                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             156015                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       305266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                322759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14715                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       305266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               322759                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202033621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55739999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1376636838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8747123653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10381534111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1762521940                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1762521940                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14042421315                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14042421315                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202033621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55739999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1376636838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22789544968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24423955426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    202033621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55739999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1376636838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22789544968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24423955426                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6891351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           28781878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4491423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4491423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       103167                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103167                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1998212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1998212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8889563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            30780090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       562403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21016757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8889563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           30780090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672599                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.672599                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.078077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92761.074839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92899.998333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93553.301937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58606.800980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62260.315879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25400.229716                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25400.229716                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90006.866744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90006.866744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92761.074839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92899.998333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93553.301937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74654.710869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75672.422538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92761.074839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92899.998333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93553.301937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74654.710869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75672.422538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              117595                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   117595                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          166744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69390                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        69390                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        156015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           322759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          322759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    171488690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47299605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1169069633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6643772676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8031630604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3403103554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3403103554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11810318754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11810318754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    171488690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47299605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1169069633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18454091430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19841949358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    171488690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47299605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1169069633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18454091430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19841949358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9158158028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9158158028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13712928731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13712928731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22871086759                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22871086759                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672599                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672599                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78736.772268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78832.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.477608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44514.091537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48167.433935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49043.141000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49043.141000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75699.892664                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75699.892664                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78736.772268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78832.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.477608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60452.495299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61476.052900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78736.772268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78832.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.477608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60452.495299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61476.052900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33846063                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45640                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20738139                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13107924                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22820                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22820                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21557                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40323269                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               136487315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40323781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.384785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136465495                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      136465495                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136465495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       136465495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136465495                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      136465495                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44396481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44396481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44396481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44396481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44396481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44396481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 965823422206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 965823422206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 965823422206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 965823422206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 965823422206                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 965823422206                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180861976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180861976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180861976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180861976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180861976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180861976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21754.503971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21754.503971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21754.503971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21754.503971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21754.503971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21754.503971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       329193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41149.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4073203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4073203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4073203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4073203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4073203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4073203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40323278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40323278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40323278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40323278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40323278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40323278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 751942497824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 751942497824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 751942497824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 751942497824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 751942497824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 751942497824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18647.851443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18647.851443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18647.851443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18647.851443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18647.851443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18647.851443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4692814                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4333168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4692830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.923359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4332744                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4332744                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4332744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4332744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4332744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4332744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4693532                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4693532                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4693532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4693532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4693532                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4693532                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78551302367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78551302367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78551302367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78551302367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78551302367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78551302367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9026276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9026276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9026276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9026276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9026276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9026276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16736.074744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16736.074744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16736.074744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16736.074744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16736.074744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16736.074744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        28519                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        28519                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4693532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4693532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4693532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4693532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4693532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4693532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64130486652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64130486652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64130486652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64130486652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64130486652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64130486652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13663.587817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13663.587817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13663.587817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13663.587817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13663.587817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13663.587817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17999011                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5391313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17999027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.299534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5391118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5391118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5391118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5391118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5391118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5391118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18009929                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18009929                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18009929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18009929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18009929                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18009929                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279020849699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 279020849699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279020849699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 279020849699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279020849699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 279020849699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23401047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23401047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23401047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23401047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23401047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23401047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15492.612419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15492.612419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15492.612419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15492.612419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15492.612419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15492.612419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        18842                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        18842                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18009929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18009929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18009929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18009929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18009929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18009929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 223918542011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 223918542011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 223918542011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 223918542011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 223918542011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 223918542011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12433.060786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12433.060786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12433.060786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12433.060786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12433.060786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12433.060786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15046215                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.833671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               283149874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15046727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.818038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.833671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    183208989                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      183208989                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98444214                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98444214                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281653203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281653203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281653203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281653203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18830481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18830481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4375820                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4375820                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23206301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      23206301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23206301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     23206301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 529145120492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 529145120492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114540815632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114540815632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 643685936124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 643685936124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 643685936124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 643685936124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202039470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202039470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102820034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102820034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304859504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304859504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304859504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304859504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28100.456940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28100.456940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26175.851756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26175.851756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27737.550078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27737.550078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27737.550078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27737.550078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6800665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6800665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6796884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6796884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        34945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        34945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6831829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6831829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6831829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6831829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12033597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12033597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4340875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4340875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16374472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16374472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16374472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16374472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293465401250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 293465401250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98533822676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98533822676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 391999223926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 391999223926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 391999223926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 391999223926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10730624649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10730624649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16000161761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16000161761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26730786410                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26730786410                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042218                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24387.172119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24387.172119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22699.069353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22699.069353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23939.655821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23939.655821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23939.655821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23939.655821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3251001921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       232713007                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    232713007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42802450                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    198674857                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104130894                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1429395440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1066054441                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          232713007                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104130894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            332543823                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156299627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85598446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     402257001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       704877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2061937                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180861984                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29534687                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1180702                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2364540418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.843159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.290638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2040664692     86.30%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20459582      0.87%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14809294      0.63%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26673129      1.13%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23023284      0.97%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27773070      1.17%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19809497      0.84%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16852943      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       174474927      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2364540418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.071582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.327916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1494032180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    445191120                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        306980485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6357795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111978838                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1930469602                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          810                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111978838                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1515814701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      146145840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    252399373                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        290413740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     47787926                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1848968717                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       691341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7342098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32027465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       214025                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2008228731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4598483608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4598394528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89080                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202987911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       805240809                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6227064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6271518                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        147525715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    260890731                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    160923917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16786282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15019685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1712189633                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9032534                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1545142784                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7785445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    580416888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    774103804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3367030                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2364540418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1789675281     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    195505964      8.27%     83.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124101262      5.25%     89.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85467728      3.61%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69890260      2.96%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49563102      2.10%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36970098      1.56%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11099810      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2266913      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2364540418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4532014     41.55%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4182903     38.35%     79.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2191757     20.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18501713      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1146360370     74.19%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    237595145     15.38%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142685556      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1545142784                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.475282                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10906674                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007059                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5480368571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2302026772                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1467939425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40273                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23986                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20111                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1537527613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20132                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23855417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     96609715                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       522613                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       435119                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     58075941                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200625                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111978838                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82479692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1930920                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1721222167                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30200804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    260890731                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    160923917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7968321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        936302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        75780                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       435119                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14173845                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33798348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47972193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1497676288                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    226147131                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47466496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           363086950                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157838856                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         136939819                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.460681                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1470933983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1467959536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922826692                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421679410                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.451541                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649110                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    637990573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5665504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43038855                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2253464783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1896161270     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128428862      5.70%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57849276      2.57%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63651949      2.82%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33540814      1.49%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14964852      0.66%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12074273      0.54%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7744193      0.34%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39049294      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2253464783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586049628                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083120118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267128988                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164281013                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577313                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125383009                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078551762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39049294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3934232500                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3554678528                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24517359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              886461503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            35176449                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586049628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083120118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586049628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.547315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.547315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2867057064                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1579079461                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20111                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      705886664                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5311724                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2840666664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511997887                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3356454783                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2840666664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2840666664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    357133675                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364698111                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355083333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81089325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436409539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51511786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51693110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2514763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       861333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2592740757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          467312060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3063512248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2592740757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2592740757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435692                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3468540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         325963988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            332868220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3442359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5983302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       861333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2592740757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         793276048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3396380468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33846063                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45640                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13107924                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20738139                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22820                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22820                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21440                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3290150843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268191192                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512465921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510758654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36582050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510758654                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1317195425                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        565204288                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132816594                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81172156                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51644438                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2690771100.751371                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599379742.248629                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182174                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817826                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
