
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 293434                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523262                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182388841                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466274                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        77440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        77440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    267194600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              471013290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    267194600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         267857066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    267194600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             524010566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.953072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083016697000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.953072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.559567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.559567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43256968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43256968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43384968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     43384968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43384968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     43384968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168972.531250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168972.531250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167509.528958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167509.528958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167509.528958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167509.528958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       114100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  7606.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        89900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        89900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40178092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40178092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40267992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40267992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40267992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40267992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156945.671875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156945.671875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155474.872587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155474.872587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155474.872587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155474.872587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           630                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                       934.871493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.077778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.935394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.111537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.971417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.370301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.061353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    11.126696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.370119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    640.058518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    259.866158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.006316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.312529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.456480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1260                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              44                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   44                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2341332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       737896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127071773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53395006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      183546007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13124605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13124605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2341332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       737896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127071773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66519611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       196670612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2341332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       737896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127071773                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66519611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      196670612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.585526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.602083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.602083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80735.586207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61491.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103562.977180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107004.020040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103115.734270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103343.346457                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102535.976562                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80735.586207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61491.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103562.977180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106261.359425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103076.840671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80735.586207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61491.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103562.977180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106261.359425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103076.840671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2182741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       671831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120309794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50677406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173841772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12419705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12419705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2182741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       671831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120309794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63097111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186261477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2182741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       671831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120309794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63097111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186261477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2054721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2054721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2691141                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2691141                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.597665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75266.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55985.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98051.991850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101557.927856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98382.440294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97792.952756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97792.952756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75266.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55985.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98051.991850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100794.107029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98342.912883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75266.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55985.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98051.991850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100794.107029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98342.912883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1341.800107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            2.385005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.660616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.604188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    911.061462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    391.088979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1877                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1990641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115925787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48918787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      167389305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     11984035                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11984035                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1990641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115925787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60902822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       179373340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1990641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115925787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60902822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      179373340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.724138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.982584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.724138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.983753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.724138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.983753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94792.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95806.435537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98033.641283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95705.720412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94362.480315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93625.273438                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94792.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95806.435537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97288.853035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95563.846564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94792.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95806.435537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97288.853035                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95563.846564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1698439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98948230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     41989295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143106364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10178539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10178539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1698439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98948230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52167834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153284903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1698439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98948230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52167834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153284903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.724138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.724138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.976415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.724138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80878.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81775.396694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84146.883768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82434.541475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80145.976378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80145.976378                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80878.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81775.396694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83335.198083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82278.530864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80878.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81775.396694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83335.198083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82278.530864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 74                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                28                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                   810                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               446.455078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.930864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083019915300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.798523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.656554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.871983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12963                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12963                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1624                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163379056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163379056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163379056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163379056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163379056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163379056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100602.866995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100417.366933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100602.866995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100417.366933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100602.866995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100417.366933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130143951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130143951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130143951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130143951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130143951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130143951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98668.651251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98668.651251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98668.651251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98668.651251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98668.651251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98668.651251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           79                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.005959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            61                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.772152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.145498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.860461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.009094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.616279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.625372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1765577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1765577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1765577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.416268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.424528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.416268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.424528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.416268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.424528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20293.988506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19617.522222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20293.988506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19617.522222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20293.988506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19617.522222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1488042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1488042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1488042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.416268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.416268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.416268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17103.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17103.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17103.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17103.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17103.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17103.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1111                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.361573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.110711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.059887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.301686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.831355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.897598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13152325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13152325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13152325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     13152325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13152325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     13152325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11722.214795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11680.572824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11722.214795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11680.572824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11722.214795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11680.572824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9667823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9667823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9667823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9667823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9667823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9667823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8616.598039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8616.598039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8616.598039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8616.598039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8616.598039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8616.598039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               402.574479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    3235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.310345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.243556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   399.330923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.779943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.786278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8000                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8000                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          888                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93558854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93558854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13945028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13945028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107503882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107503882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107503882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107503882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105716.219209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105359.069820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108100.992248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107269.446154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106019.607495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105603.027505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106019.607495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105603.027505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     54765218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54765218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13334743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13334743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68099961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68099961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68099961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68099961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2132542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2132542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2796562                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2796562                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015744                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109749.935872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109749.935872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104177.679688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104177.679688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108612.377990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108612.377990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108612.377990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108612.377990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  402812                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21696                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14784                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8109                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        84444                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 98210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8109                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                29842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         59256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          266                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         1987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             19                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       185167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.024508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.526398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          156124     84.32%     84.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1170      0.63%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1193      0.64%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1604      0.87%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2195      1.19%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1579      0.85%     88.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2110      1.14%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1534      0.83%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17658      9.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       185167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           82221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        65329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            26954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          9903                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        180704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          9903                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           84708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          35904                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        24472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5019                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        169982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           91                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       183436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       427341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       427341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107685                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           75734                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          536                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          536                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15316                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        20941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12542                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            154185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           137496                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        53265                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        76791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          400                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       185167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.742551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.529056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       136292     73.60%     73.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15089      8.15%     81.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10217      5.52%     87.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8013      4.33%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6318      3.41%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4393      2.37%     97.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3448      1.86%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1167      0.63%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          230      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       185167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            280     47.54%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           144     24.45%     71.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          165     28.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2119      1.54%      1.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       105922     77.04%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18658     13.57%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10797      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        137496                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341340                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                589                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       462024                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       208362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       129962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        135966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2119                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8042                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4399                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          9903                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          30543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       155024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        20941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12542                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       132698                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17604                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               27835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13848                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10231                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329429                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                130341                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               129962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84016                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           139894                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322637                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600569                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        57327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       175336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.557165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.506653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       142136     81.06%     81.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12018      6.85%     87.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6415      3.66%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4904      2.80%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3384      1.93%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1406      0.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          973      0.55%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1073      0.61%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3027      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       175336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50627                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21038                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12896                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10971                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              327255                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             320048                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 217645                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.956466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.956466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.125684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.125684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          261835                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         138733                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          57412                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782623570                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254333300                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   232825                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            15903156445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4551928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1257.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   153572984                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     292858523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           740544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       610560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3580672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5889408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       610560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         610560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3017984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          3017984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             11571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        55948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                92022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          47156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               47156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               37020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        30522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       179000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 294415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        30522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             30522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           150871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                150871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           150871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              37020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        30522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       179000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                445285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    36245                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.319028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      11550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    36257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.318559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        13.313688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.832105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.832439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           3115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              3115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1221                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1221                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            4336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               4336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           4336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              4336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        19564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           19792                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        21415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          36007                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         40979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            55799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        40979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           55799                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    795716086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    805642086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2572648176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1443429000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4016077176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2582574176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2239145086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4821719262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2582574176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2239145086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4821719262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        22679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        45315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          60135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        45315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         60135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.862648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.946059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.967202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.927896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.927896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43535.087719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40672.464016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40705.440885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176305.384868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67402.708382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111536.011775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174262.764912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54641.281778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86412.288070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174262.764912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54641.281778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86412.288070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18726800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1679                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11153.543776                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26209                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26209                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        19564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        21415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        40979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        40979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7036700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    552039534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559076234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2396780992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1178866801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3575647793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2403817692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1730906335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134724027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2403817692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1730906335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134724027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.862648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.946059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30862.719298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28217.109691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28247.586601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164253.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55048.648191                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99304.240648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162200.923887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42238.862222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74100.324862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162200.923887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42238.862222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74100.324862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1827597                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1667.610825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         3723799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1829263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.035683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          374.886177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    10.975992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.233471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    769.573198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    507.941409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.183050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.375768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.248018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.814263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       771672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2249465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       302982                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3367252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          589005                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               589005                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       111666                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              111666                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        90855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                90855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       771672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2249465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       393837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 3458107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       771672                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2249465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       393837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                3458107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       395115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1596697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13464                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13464                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             157332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       552447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1754029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       552447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1754029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    499714433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    128613021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26409673144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11233459077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    38271459675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    324634759                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    324634759                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7341215002                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7341215002                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    499714433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    128613021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26409673144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18574674079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     45612674677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    499714433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    128613021                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26409673144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18574674079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    45612674677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       792620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3424815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       698097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4963949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       589005                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           589005                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       125130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          125130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       248187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           248187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       792620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3424815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       946284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5212136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       792620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3424815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       946284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5212136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.343186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.565989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.321659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107600                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.107600                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.633925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.343186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.336528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.109135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.343186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.336528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23854.994892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24340.087245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22469.624490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28430.859565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23969.143598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24111.316028                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24111.316028                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46660.660273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46660.660273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23854.994892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24340.087245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22469.624490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33622.544930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26004.515705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23854.994892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24340.087245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22469.624490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33622.544930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26004.515705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              370725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   370725                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       395108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1596663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13464                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        157332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       552440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1753995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       552440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1753995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    386950224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99588407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19719071964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9049713897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29255324492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    585637315                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585637315                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6460654384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6460654384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    386950224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99588407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19719071964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15510368281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35715978876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    386950224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99588407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19719071964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15510368281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35715978876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1481410681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481410681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3093829570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3093829570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4575240251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4575240251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.343185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.565979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107600                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107600                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.343185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.336521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.343185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18480.763397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18893.645798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16777.248541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22904.405623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18322.792281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43496.532605                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43496.532605                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41063.829253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41063.829253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18480.763397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18893.645798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16777.248541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28076.113752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20362.645775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18480.763397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18893.645798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16777.248541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28076.113752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20362.645775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         36463                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32470.084943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1884899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         69106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         27.275475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        20382.322867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.235881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.235881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.335417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   133.111915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.899580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5148.195413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   6747.747223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.622019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.157110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.205925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20659                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1165805                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       359671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1551314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          370725                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               370725                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4312                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4312                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       107156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               107156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1165805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       466827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1658470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1165805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       466827                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1658470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9541                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35437                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                45349                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12924                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12924                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        46404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              46404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        81841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 91753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        81841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                91753                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26459681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8645049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    894776135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2315541304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3245422169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258478254                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    258478254                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4157506579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4157506579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26459681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8645049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    894776135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6473047883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7402928748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26459681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8645049                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    894776135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6473047883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7402928748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1175346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       395108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1596663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       370725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           370725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       153560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           153560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1175346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       548668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1750223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1175346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       548668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1750223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.017454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.028402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749826                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.749826                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.302188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.017454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.052424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.017454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.052424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94837.566308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93967.923913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93782.217273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65342.475492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71565.462722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19999.864903                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19999.864903                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89593.711296                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89593.711296                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94837.566308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93967.923913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93782.217273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79092.971530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80683.233769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94837.566308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93967.923913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93782.217273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79092.971530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80683.233769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               20947                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    20947                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        46404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         46404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            91753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           91753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22559535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7356280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760342282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1816771749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2607029846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    643103723                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    643103723                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3489168155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3489168155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22559535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7356280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760342282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5305939904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6096198001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22559535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7356280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760342282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5305939904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6096198001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1320554412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1320554412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2747660110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2747660110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4068214522                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4068214522                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749826                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.749826                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.052424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80858.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79959.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79692.095378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51267.651014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57488.144083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49760.424249                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49760.424249                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75191.107555                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75191.107555                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80858.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79959.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79692.095378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64832.295598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66441.402472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80858.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79959.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79692.095378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64832.295598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66441.402472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       363209                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       455807                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       5243                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       4440                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  3022                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  4435                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  327544                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      9683                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      819016                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           484                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   145256                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   182288                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            262                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            222                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3034                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3424819                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.948148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11343668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3425331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.311700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.948010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11340356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11340356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11340356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11340356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11340356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11340356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3615668                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3615668                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3615668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3615668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3615668                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3615668                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62455994544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  62455994544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62455994544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  62455994544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62455994544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  62455994544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14956024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14956024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14956024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     14956024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14956024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     14956024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.241753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.241753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17273.708356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17273.708356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17273.708356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17273.708356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17273.708356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17273.708356                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107425                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35808.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       190695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       190695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       190695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3424973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3424973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3424973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3424973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3424973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3424973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  46979676530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46979676530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  46979676530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46979676530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  46979676530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46979676530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.229003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.229003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.229003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13716.802010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13716.802010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13716.802010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13716.802010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13716.802010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13716.802010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        48506                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.709824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         87665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        48520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.806781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087127531300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    13.709824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.856864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.856864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        87628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        87628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        87628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48726                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        48726                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        48726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48726                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        48726                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    819906158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819906158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    819906158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    819906158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    819906158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    819906158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       136354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       136354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.357349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.357349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.357349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.357349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.357349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.357349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16826.871855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16826.871855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16826.871855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16826.871855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16826.871855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16826.871855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    669450069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    669450069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    669450069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669450069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    669450069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669450069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.357349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.357349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.357349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13739.072959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13739.072959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13739.072959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13739.072959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13739.072959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13739.072959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       793863                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.083722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        117161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       793878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.147581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086425772300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.083566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.942733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117135                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       117135                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       117135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       117135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       117135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       794462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       794462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       794462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       794462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       794462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       794462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11398018715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11398018715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11398018715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11398018715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11398018715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11398018715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       911597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       911597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       911597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       911597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       911597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       911597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.871506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.871506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.871506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.871506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.871506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.871506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14346.839389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14346.839389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14346.839389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14346.839389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14346.839389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14346.839389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       794462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       794462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       794462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       794462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       794462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       794462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8958690817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8958690817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8958690817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8958690817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8958690817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8958690817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.871506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.871506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.871506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11276.424570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11276.424570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11276.424570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11276.424570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11276.424570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11276.424570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                937107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.992097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                30997556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                937619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 33.059863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086305178300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.991662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19076342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       19076342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11759937                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11759937                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     30836279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        30836279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     30836279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       30836279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1162944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1162944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       374057                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       374057                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1537001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1537001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1537001                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1537001                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33616884328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33616884328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12078234443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12078234443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45695118771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45695118771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45695118771                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45695118771                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20239286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20239286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12133994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     12133994                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32373280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     32373280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32373280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     32373280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28906.709462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28906.709462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32289.823324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32289.823324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29730.051425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29730.051425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29730.051425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29730.051425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       587219                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           587219                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       464140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       464140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       466804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       466804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       466804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       466804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       698804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       698804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       371393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       371393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1070197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1070197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1070197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1070197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16823804509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16823804509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10686254784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10686254784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27510059293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27510059293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27510059293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27510059293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1545620408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1545620408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3220622049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3220622049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4766242457                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4766242457                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030608                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030608                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24075.140539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24075.140539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28773.441567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28773.441567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25705.603074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25705.603074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25705.603074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25705.603074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               270995492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18821117                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18821117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2345057                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     16036786                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10008684                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    124298110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              91386957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18821117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10008684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             29884255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8257002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            731435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      55730272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       114921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       114100                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         14956026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1593698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          20998                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    216619984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.812951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.254389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       187651270     86.63%     86.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2362240      1.09%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1393841      0.64%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2243105      1.04%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1855140      0.86%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2050290      0.95%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2176790      1.00%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1608931      0.74%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        15278377      7.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    216619984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.069452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.337227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       122863189                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     59704164                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         27746400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       559377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5746854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     172536018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5746854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       124576817                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       19107009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     36576891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         26590021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4022392                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     167401906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        21984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        325861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2547587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        20707                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    184890710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    419709003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    416358105                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3350898                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    142840647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        42050069                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       986397                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1000575                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12564309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     24579577                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14948979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2069548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1245358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         160238749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1330054                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        151295487                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       370466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     30358033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43536538                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       375705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216619984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.698437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.441161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    158301690     73.08%     73.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20371676      9.40%     82.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13581374      6.27%     88.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8807558      4.07%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6646132      3.07%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4593811      2.12%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2725455      1.26%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1306228      0.60%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       286060      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216619984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         279059     32.07%     32.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        32420      3.73%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        331227     38.06%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       227495     26.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1120778      0.74%      0.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    112118475     74.11%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       917769      0.61%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     23198368     15.33%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13940097      9.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     151295487                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.558295                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             870201                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518446785                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    190231442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146139048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2286433                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1728430                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1038668                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     149890317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1154593                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2288082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5051587                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        26265                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        37475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2790040                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        33651                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5746854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15456162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       170691                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161568803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1307764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24579577                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14949104                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1173532                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         65851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        37475                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1008118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1588409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2596527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    148807246                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22571661                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2488242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            36225077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15037404                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          13653416                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.549113                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             147397992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            147177716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         95101206                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        148393835                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.543100                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.640870                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     33238500                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       954350                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2355150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    210986148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.607713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.568474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    167540278     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15786405      7.48%     86.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7642142      3.62%     90.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7766229      3.68%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3894321      1.85%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1630469      0.77%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1260301      0.60%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1169836      0.55%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4296167      2.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    210986148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     67484966                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     128218999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              31687054                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             19527990                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             121863                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13448453                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            818763                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        126924030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4296167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           367914095                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          328671660                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1903264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               54375508                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59800559048                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           67484966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            128218999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     67484966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.015642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.015642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.249026                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.249026                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       294256734                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      159992198                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1847516                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          979240                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       68354667                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        915178                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          716143                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       456096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        70608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       908806456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       152762888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1062817959                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    908806456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     908806456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       623545                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    102032612                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       105617565                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            23359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        57012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        113600807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         24057529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           137748254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           22110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        15023330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           15091712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              35800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        22800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           45431730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7636700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              53130849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      45431730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         45431730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             31171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5100666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5279880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             66972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        22800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          45431730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          12737366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             58410729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      455807                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      363209                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      4440                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      5243                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 3294                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 5239                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 327544                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     9683                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     819016                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          484                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  182288                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  145256                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           222                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           262                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               2775                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072037510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  85201373                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   163066111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           161648616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               589118                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     11105218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  161648616                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      589118                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         413818629                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        182793974                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             982520                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            480391                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    39110558                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  24065867                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 15044691                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59881179783.301331                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             190857726.698670                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003177                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996823                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
