
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49639                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    89157                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               26183128                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              247488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241014654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              853483213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433473243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        166194171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241014654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1019677384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      765                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.246959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064536000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.246959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136997904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136997904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137566904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    137566904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137566904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    137566904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43769.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43769.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178382.687500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178382.687500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176142.002561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176142.002561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176142.002561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176142.002561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       873800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9708.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       404600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       404600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127747492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127747492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128152092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128152092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128152092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128152092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31123.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31123.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166337.880208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166337.880208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164087.185659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164087.185659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164087.185659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164087.185659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           12                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        49152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           209                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1671.976979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.344498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           78.658271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.796977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.495805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1102.115261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    455.910741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.269071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.111306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.408198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          589                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             632                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  632                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          108                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  108                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          697                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2852                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2963297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204783597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86092040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294671623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29049354                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29049354                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2963297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204783597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115141394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323720977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2963297                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832689                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204783597                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115141394                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323720977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.581379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.354550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.723077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.612131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.371591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.612131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.371591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105832.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103009.857646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105246.992665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103321.045933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103011.893617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103011.893617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105832.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103009.857646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104673.994545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103293.228143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105832.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103009.857646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104673.994545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103293.228143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2810697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193811834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81615274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279020343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27485154                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27485154                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2810697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193811834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109100428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306505497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2810697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193811834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109100428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306505497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10247042                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10247042                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.581379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.612131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.370524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.612131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100382.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97490.862173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99774.173594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98142.927541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97465.085106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97465.085106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100382.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97490.862173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99182.207273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98081.759040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100382.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97490.862173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99182.207273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98081.759040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1650.291118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.626323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.504626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.961647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1133.295246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    479.903353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     33                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     33                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2711297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186756804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78675459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268884398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26446741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26446741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2711297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186756804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105122200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295331139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2711297                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186756804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105122200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295331139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96832.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95186.954128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96890.959360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95382.901029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94116.516014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94116.516014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96832.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95186.954128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96177.676121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95268.109355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96832.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95186.954128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96177.676121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95268.109355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2323938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159197596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67348535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229498894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22443747                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22443747                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2323938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159197596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89792282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251942641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2323938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159197596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89792282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251942641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6318246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6318246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82997.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81140.466871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82941.545567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81672.204270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79870.985765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79870.985765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82997.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81140.466871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82152.133577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81508.457134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82997.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81140.466871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82152.133577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81508.457134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3478                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               414.611348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   26435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.600633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971182865000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.450594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   414.160754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.808908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.809788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30410                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30410                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4677                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4679                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4677                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4679                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296650735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296650735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296650735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    296650735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    296650735                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    296650735                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63427.567885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63400.456294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63427.567885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63400.456294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63427.567885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63400.456294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230113221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230113221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230113221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230113221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230113221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230113221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57701.409478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57701.409478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57701.409478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57701.409478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57701.409478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57701.409478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           82                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.586991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           82                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.024390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.332785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.254206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           93                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2167925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2167925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2167925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2167925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2167925                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2167925                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.287926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24088.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23311.021505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24088.055556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23311.021505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24088.055556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23311.021505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1885082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1885082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1885082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1885082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1885082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1885082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20945.355556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20945.355556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20945.355556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20945.355556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20945.355556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20945.355556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2538                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.339862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.097321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.275140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33577896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33577896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33577896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33577896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33577896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33577896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13162.640533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13147.179327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13162.640533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13147.179327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13162.640533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13147.179327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25741134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25741134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25741134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25741134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25741134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25741134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10090.605253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10090.605253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10090.605253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10090.605253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10090.605253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10090.605253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1312                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               355.594020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 30.552591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.250257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   355.343763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.694031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.694520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20685                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20685                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54952                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54952                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2766                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210666695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210666695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33177376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33177376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243844071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243844071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243844071                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243844071                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76190.486438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76162.941070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82325.995037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82325.995037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76970.982008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76946.693279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76970.982008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76946.693279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              632                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96339049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96339049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30843155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30843155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127182204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127182204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127182204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127182204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3327281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3327281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7331108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7331108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10658389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10658389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68471.250178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68471.250178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78882.749361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78882.749361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70735.374861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70735.374861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70735.374861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70735.374861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  829770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48960                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7313                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35302                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21333                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69856                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          390                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             35                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       462243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.942095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.418851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          394128     85.26%     85.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3020      0.65%     85.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2812      0.61%     86.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3740      0.81%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6170      1.33%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4056      0.88%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6337      1.37%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3209      0.69%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38771      8.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       462243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.274982                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197218                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       179284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20144                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        418854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20144                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202576                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        60461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398109                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          129                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       436515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       995698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       995608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151651                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1336                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30494                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334660                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1019                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       462243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.723991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.493661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339561     73.46%     73.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40180      8.69%     82.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26001      5.62%     87.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19925      4.31%     92.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14754      3.19%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10801      2.34%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7956      1.72%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2574      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          491      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       462243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            900     51.55%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           433     24.80%     76.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          413     23.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4158      1.24%      1.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       258908     77.36%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44972     13.44%     92.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26612      7.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334660                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.403317                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1746                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1135792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16575                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9360                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20144                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30494                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1755                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1811                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324799                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42700                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33788                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25548                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.391433                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208063                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339074                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.384858                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613621                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7364                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       442247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.572825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.538493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       357230     80.78%     80.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30402      6.87%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16315      3.69%     91.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13238      2.99%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8050      1.82%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3439      0.78%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2283      0.52%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2829      0.64%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8461      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       442247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133929                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54310                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33177                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27953                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              804323                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761842                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 367527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2343                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.195596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.195596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644770                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348385                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139777                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003923684701                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426463110                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39720                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    76581                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5732945658                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4550756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3489.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138596389                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267214053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           611456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       466816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3601344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       466816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         466816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1832384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1832384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 180032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28953                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.960842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.298571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.956056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.934753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34974                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            51225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           51225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    651133807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662509807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927565920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1197657000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4125222920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938941920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1848790807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4787732727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938941920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1848790807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4787732727                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          54296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         54296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43753.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40718.767244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40767.325518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175935.451923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65324.370023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117951.132842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173901.888757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53861.349075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93464.767731                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173901.888757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53861.349075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93464.767731                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21468900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11474.559059                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8078200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    452093700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460171900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727015800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    970746400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3697762200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422840100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4157934100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422840100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4157934100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        31070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28271.759115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28316.528214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163883.161058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52947.878259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105728.890033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161839.881657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41452.005827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81170.016593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161839.881657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41452.005827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81170.016593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        342972                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4020.195772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4990087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        347012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.380157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          662.985298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.015813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.253181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.244756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2455.782595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    865.913810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.161862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.599556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.211405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766275                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3502968                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       364753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4671078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          338001                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               338001                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14750                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14750                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        90857                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                90857                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3502968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       455610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4761935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766275                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3502968                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       455610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4761935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       209221                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       105659                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               317728                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13479                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13479                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              29479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       209221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       135138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                347207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       209221                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       135138                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               347207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62863745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19650356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5062398847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3722531381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8867444329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    346494286                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    346494286                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1818049736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1818049736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62863745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19650356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5062398847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5540581117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10685494065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62863745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19650356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5062398847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5540581117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10685494065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3712189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       470412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4988806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       338001                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           338001                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           28229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       120336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           120336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3712189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       590748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5109142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3712189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       590748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5109142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.063688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.477488                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.477488                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.244972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.067958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.067958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28240.676101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31592.212219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24196.418366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35231.559839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27908.916838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25706.230878                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25706.230878                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61672.707215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.707215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28240.676101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31592.212219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24196.418366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40999.431078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30775.572108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28240.676101                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31592.212219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24196.418366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40999.431078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30775.572108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               56125                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    56125                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       209220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          317711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13479                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13479                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         29479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       209220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       135122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           347190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       209220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       135122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          347190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50900237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16251382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3868583333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3133285934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7069020886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    873184825                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873184825                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1653227527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653227527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50900237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16251382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3868583333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4786513461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8722248413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50900237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16251382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3868583333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4786513461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8722248413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3405903256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3405903256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4962304262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4962304262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8368207518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8368207518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.477488                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477488                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.067955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22866.234052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26127.623794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18490.504412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29659.191182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22249.846200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64781.128051                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64781.128051                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56081.533532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56081.533532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22866.234052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26127.623794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18490.504412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35423.642789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25122.406789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22866.234052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26127.623794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18490.504412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35423.642789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25122.406789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6349                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29933.836401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          325002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.815287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10072.908619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.752211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.121501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   151.410815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    50.625457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8721.384460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10932.633337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.307401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.913508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       201925                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        77083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 281588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           56125                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                56125                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 103                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                13524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       201925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        90607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  295112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       201925                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        90607                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 295112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                36123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16436                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16436                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 49018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                49018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18160084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6928640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    682893867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1704618212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2412600803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263267585                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263267585                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1110344740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1110344740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18160084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6928640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    682893867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2814962952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3522945543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18160084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6928640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    682893867                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2814962952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3522945543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       209220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             317711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        56125                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            56125                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            26419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       209220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       132062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              344130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       209220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       132062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             344130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.113698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.993772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.488096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.142440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.142440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93608.680412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93630.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.222344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59685.511625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66788.494948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16017.740630                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16017.740630                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86106.610314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86106.610314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93608.680412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93630.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.222344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67904.063491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71870.446428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93608.680412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93630.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.222344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67904.063491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71870.446428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16436                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16436                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12895                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            49018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           49018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15441200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5890997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580135123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1303054454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1904521774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    876105366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876105366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    925554196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    925554196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15441200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5890997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580135123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2228608650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2830075970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15441200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5890997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580135123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2228608650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2830075970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3035489121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3035489121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4408948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4408948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7444437121                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7444437121                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.270344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993772                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993772                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.142440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79593.814433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79608.067568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.033996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45625.155952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52723.244858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53304.050012                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53304.050012                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71776.207522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71776.207522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79593.814433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79608.067568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.033996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53759.706911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57735.443511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79593.814433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79608.067568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.033996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53759.706911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57735.443511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       300156                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       377615                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3651                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2505                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3646                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7983                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      677771                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   120039                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   151016                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            217                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            183                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7762                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3712190                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9997890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3712702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.692888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9993867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9993867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9993867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9993867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9993867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9993867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3861128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3861128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3861128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3861128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3861128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3861128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48419998477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48419998477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48419998477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48419998477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48419998477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48419998477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13854995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13854995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13854995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13854995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13854995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13854995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12540.376407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12540.376407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12540.376407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12540.376407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12540.376407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12540.376407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       114276                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        38092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       148925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       148925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       148925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       148925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3712203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3712203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3712203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3712203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3712203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3712203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33623909664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33623909664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33623909664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33623909664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33623909664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33623909664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9057.669978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9057.669978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9057.669978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9057.669978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9057.669978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9057.669978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        37746                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         55007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        37762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.456676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972583593300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        54656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        54656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        54656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        37948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        37948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        37948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    677236260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    677236260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    677236260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    677236260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    677236260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    677236260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        92604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        92604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.409788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.409788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.409788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.409788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.409788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.409788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17846.428270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17846.428270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17846.428270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17846.428270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17846.428270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17846.428270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           80                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    561335374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561335374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    561335374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561335374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    561335374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561335374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.409788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.409788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.409788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14792.225519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14792.225519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14792.225519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14792.225519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14792.225519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14792.225519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       768797                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         48128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       768813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.062600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       769038                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       769038                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       769038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       769038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       769038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       769038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12057929200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12057929200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12057929200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12057929200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12057929200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12057929200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       816613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       816613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       816613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       816613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       816613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       816613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.941741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.941741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.941741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15679.237177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15679.237177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15679.237177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15679.237177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15679.237177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15679.237177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       769038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       769038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       769038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       769038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       769038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       769038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9712231080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9712231080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9712231080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9712231080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9712231080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9712231080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12629.065248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12629.065248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12629.065248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12629.065248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12629.065248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12629.065248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                582027                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               500.812356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29301259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                582529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 50.300086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.812356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.978149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.978149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18342861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18342861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10919181                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10919181                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29262042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29262042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29262042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29262042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       728649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       728649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149468                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       149468                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       878117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        878117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       878117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       878117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18160315734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18160315734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4716284944                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4716284944                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22876600678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22876600678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22876600678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22876600678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19071510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19071510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11068649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11068649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30140159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30140159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30140159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30140159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24923.269961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24923.269961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31553.810474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31553.810474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26051.882241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26051.882241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26051.882241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26051.882241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       337762                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           337762                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       257807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       257807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       259256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       259256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       259256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       259256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       470842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       470842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       148019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       618861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       618861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       618861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       618861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9173278488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9173278488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4158891664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158891664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13332170152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13332170152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13332170152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13332170152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3554051841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3554051841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5164785596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5164785596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8718837437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8718837437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19482.710735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19482.710735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28097.012302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28097.012302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21543.076962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21543.076962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21543.076962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21543.076962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               228568156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17551796                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17551796                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2412535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15153701                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9091877                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114756003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83854479                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17551796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9091877                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28042402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8127961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            359916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49705739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       164055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        81970                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13854997                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1689566                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          16905                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    198676713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.825024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.268226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       171444410     86.29%     86.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2581575      1.30%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1290629      0.65%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2039777      1.03%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1686558      0.85%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1935735      0.97%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1956948      0.98%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1464412      0.74%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14276669      7.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    198676713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366869                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       112911082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     53648106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26082330                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       468604                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5566591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     160317247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          136                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5566591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114475648                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7303801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43699663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         25001936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2629074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     155318895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        12594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        161241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1297374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5471                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170802545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    387574396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    384751547                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2822849                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    130686493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40116163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1026551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1044587                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10009641                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22849125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13838575                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1736628                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1022564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         148137127                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1307438                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        140072214                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       271702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28634496                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40208750                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       339465                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    198676713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.705026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.455946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    145256976     73.11%     73.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18458633      9.29%     82.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12366629      6.22%     88.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7975428      4.01%     92.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6109768      3.08%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4303293      2.17%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2709999      1.36%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1229388      0.62%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       266599      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    198676713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         280242     34.19%     34.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27096      3.31%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        295520     36.05%     73.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       216862     26.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1230532      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103559278     73.93%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       742815      0.53%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21634384     15.45%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12905205      9.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     140072214                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.612825                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             819720                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478298144                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176658578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135107032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1875466                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1446311                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       848005                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     138716134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         945268                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1879911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4812331                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29475                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2732878                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46672                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5566591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5957750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74232                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149444565                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1353321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22849125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13838575                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1180290                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         27862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6109                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26703                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       954521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1736933                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2691454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137600254                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     21019351                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2471960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33629426                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13891045                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12610075                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.602010                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             136200491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135955037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87640715                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        136072321                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.594812                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644075                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31734130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       967973                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2419137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193213035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.608278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.543207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    152640186     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14654403      7.58%     86.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7294553      3.78%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7454187      3.86%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3786617      1.96%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1571033      0.81%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1261962      0.65%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1052990      0.54%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3497104      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193213035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     61027255                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     117527237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29142505                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18036805                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             101532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12290523                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            697469                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        116382895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3497104                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           338702340                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          304105254                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1656201                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               29891443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59841598379                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           61027255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            117527237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     61027255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.745346                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.745346                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.266998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.266998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       270705589                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      147320745                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1488513                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          798770                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63393858                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        986447                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          592735                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       258680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       816135992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       139187640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          956246255                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    816135992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     816135992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       515276                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92616355                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        96093039                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        102016999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21855564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123933080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13602832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13667348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40798796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6958017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47802935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40798796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40798796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4629909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4803710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             55390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40798796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11587926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52606644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      377615                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      300156                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3651                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4332                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2731                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4327                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7983                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     677771                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  151016                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  120039                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           183                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           217                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6859                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072371095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76487860                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   147762598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           146528732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               486964                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10018764                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  146528732                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      486964                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         374871047                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        165768747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             811908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            396903                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35512555                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21875828                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13636727                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59899596118.199799                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             172774976.800202                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
