
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100057                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30549603                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      683026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       198080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              277760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203264735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    537696029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              753990554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203264735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203438465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203264735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    537696029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             753990554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           454                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2128.521530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.116740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          230.184310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.208640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.129739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.534626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.600841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    541.810857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1320.052522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.056197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.322278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.519659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             857                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  857                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2798                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          462                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4109                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3650                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4357                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4920201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1807740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121166672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245571683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      373466296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       384380                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       384380                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73238028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73238028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4920201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1807740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121166672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318809711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       446704324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4920201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1807740                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121166672                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318809711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      446704324                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          857                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              857                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          786                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              787                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.475322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.898348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.514647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.514647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102504.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102596.674005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102577.979532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102319.533151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12812.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12812.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103736.583569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103589.855728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102504.187500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102596.674005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102841.842258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102525.665366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102504.187500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102596.674005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102841.842258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102525.665366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  42                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       42                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4655301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1709640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114648714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232306534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353320189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1489782                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1489782                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69366028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69366028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4655301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1709640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114648714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301672562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422686217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4655301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1709640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114648714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301672562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    422686217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.513466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96985.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97077.657917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97036.981621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97039.326833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49659.400000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49659.400000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98252.164306                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98252.164306                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96985.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97077.657917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97313.729677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97236.304808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96985.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97077.657917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97313.729677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97236.304808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1985.951922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.162873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.329111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.899340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.493726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    551.540807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1381.526094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              42                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   42                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4340                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4493001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1635440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110479434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224154405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340762280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66953059                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66953059                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4493001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1635440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110479434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291107464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       407715339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4493001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1635440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110479434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    291107464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      407715339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93604.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96202.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94426.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93827.712432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93796.388660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94834.361190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94700.224894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93604.187500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96202.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94426.866667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94057.338934                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93943.626498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93604.187500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96202.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94426.866667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94057.338934                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93943.626498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3822242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1400192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94051717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190534327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289808478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56955073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56955073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3822242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1400192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94051717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247489400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346763551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3822242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1400192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94051717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247489400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346763551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79630.041667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82364.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80386.082906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79754.845961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79969.226821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80672.907932                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80672.907932                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79630.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82364.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80386.082906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79964.264943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80083.960970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79630.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82364.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80386.082906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79964.264943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80083.960970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1135                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               347.807150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.135683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   347.403365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.678522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.679311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32447                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32447                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1968                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161243920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161243920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161243920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161243920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161243920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161243920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81974.539908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81932.886179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81974.539908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81932.886179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81974.539908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81932.886179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128033391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128033391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128033391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128033391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128033391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128033391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77926.592209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77926.592209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77926.592209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77926.592209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77926.592209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77926.592209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          245                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.664040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.477551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265825000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.509849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.154191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.572137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          286                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5003369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5003369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5003369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5003369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5003369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5003369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.193505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.443262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17494.297203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.443262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17494.297203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.443262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17494.297203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4109529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4109529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4109529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4109529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4109529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4109529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14572.797872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14572.797872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14572.797872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14572.797872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14572.797872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14572.797872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2880                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.260244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.702778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125485300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.664890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.595355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2186                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2189                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2186                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2926                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2931                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34192776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34192776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34192776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34192776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34192776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34192776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.572461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.572461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.572461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11685.842789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11665.907881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11685.842789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11665.907881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11685.842789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11665.907881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25107473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25107473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25107473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25107473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25107473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25107473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8580.817840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8580.817840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8580.817840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8580.817840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8580.817840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8580.817840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2718                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               787.095572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   45536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.753495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.609661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   786.485911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.768053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.768648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21944                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21944                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67713                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          851                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          852                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8338                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    708073114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    708073114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80183027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80183027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788256141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788256141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788256141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788256141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037333                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94573.676239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94548.419549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94222.123384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94111.534038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94537.795754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94503.793430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94537.795754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94503.793430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          849                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              849                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254785637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254785637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76824720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76824720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331610357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331610357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331610357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331610357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87106.200684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87106.200684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90702.148760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90702.148760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87913.668346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87913.668346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87913.668346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87913.668346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57886                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57886                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6398                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37886                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24315                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       153741                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                271417                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57886                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                85162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        479784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1775                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             79                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       751487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.661606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.063996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          668412     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9046      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5274      0.70%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3634      0.48%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5788      0.77%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5584      0.74%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5460      0.73%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3452      0.46%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44837      5.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       751487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       487044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            75592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        478389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169149                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         391129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            70515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        455797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          424                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       546531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1187942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1187942                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       335449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          210933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1918                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          986                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            429405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           374937                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       235707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          692                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       751487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       601391     80.03%     80.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55965      7.45%     87.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34195      4.55%     92.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22780      3.03%     95.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16551      2.20%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10900      1.45%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6874      0.91%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2354      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          477      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       751487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            786     33.46%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           837     35.63%     69.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          726     30.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3019      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       283997     75.75%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60109     16.03%     92.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27812      7.42%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        374937                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338980                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2349                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1507487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       577619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       361555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        374267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22461                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          122                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7471                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         351813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       431574                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4237                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2150                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          122                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       366949                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57855                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37578                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27212                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331758                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                362605                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               361555                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           251372                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           401524                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326881                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626045                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       726881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.383303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       635034     87.36%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35835      4.93%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13818      1.90%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14979      2.06%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7251      1.00%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3494      0.48%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2888      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2250      0.31%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11332      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       726881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156576                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        278616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67450                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44655                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30779                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           278238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1146023                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             887875                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2055                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 354588                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               278616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.064141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.064141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141560                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141560                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          731689                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         420847                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169819                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.024132                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1024131774735                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6043899044340                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26013                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31293563                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4657640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32726.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   851318942                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1589406058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       147520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       931456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10523072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15205632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       931456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         931456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11270848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11270848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       164423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               237588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         176107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              176107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3450681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       909508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10275115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14847339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       909508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            909508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11005271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11005271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11005271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        24434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3450681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       909508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10275115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25852611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   107757                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.456900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   107771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.514192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020543005000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.123653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.333246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.958328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8411                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8411                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           27058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              27058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          27058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             27058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103912                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99134                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         100862                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204774                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4605576005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4606653005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124502784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6695329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6819831784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125579784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11300905005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11426484789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125579784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11300905005                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11426484789                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.923028                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.883286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.883286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 39888.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44333.407181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44332.252339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72050.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67538.170557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67615.472467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71555.432479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55664.272827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55800.466802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71555.432479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55664.272827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55800.466802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       354900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  36                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9858.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       739700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3321839230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3322578930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103705892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5470612401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5574318293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104445592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8792451631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8896897223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104445592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8792451631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8896897223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27396.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31976.120037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31974.930037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60014.983796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55184.017602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55266.783258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59513.157835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43308.516104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43447.396754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59513.157835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43308.516104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43447.396754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      26197457                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4042.861321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        49707578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      26201506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.897127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          500.767629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    66.302889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.402828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2844.393977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    588.990436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.122258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.694432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.143796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.987027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17130722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4337311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21356427                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3653555                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46478015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5504770                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              5504770                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       813133                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              813133                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       822298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               822298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17130722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4337311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21356427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4475853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                47300313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17130722                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4337311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21356427                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4475853                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               47300313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       305816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152590                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5256388                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23925377                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        87627                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             87627                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1667078                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1667078                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       305816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6923466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              25592455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       305816                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6923466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             25592455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6929603993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3310933234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 401849468816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131916014561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   544006020604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2136882464                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2136882464                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49429278370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  49429278370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6929603993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3310933234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 401849468816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 181345292931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    593435298974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6929603993                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3310933234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 401849468816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 181345292931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   593435298974                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17436538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4489901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39567010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8909943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           70403392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5504770                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          5504770                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       900760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          900760                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2489376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2489376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17436538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4489901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39567010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11399319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            72892768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17436538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4489901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     39567010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11399319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           72892768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.589946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.339833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097281                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.097281                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.669677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.669677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.351097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.351097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22659.389937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21698.232086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22066.809658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25096.323666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22737.615403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24386.119164                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24386.119164                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29650.249340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29650.249340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22659.389937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21698.232086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22066.809658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26192.848052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23187.900456                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22659.389937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21698.232086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22066.809658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26192.848052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23187.900456                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3241461                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3241461                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5256388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23924001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        87627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        87627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1667078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1667078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6923466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         25591079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6923466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        25591079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5274356073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2469820837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 298521921899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102962855560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 409228954369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4338981058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4338981058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40029540572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40029540572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5274356073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2469820837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 298521921899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 142992396132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 449258494941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5274356073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2469820837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 298521921899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 142992396132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 449258494941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9609188383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9609188383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14627433305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14627433305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  24236621688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24236621688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.589946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097281                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097281                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.669677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.669677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.351078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17303.239211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16226.296634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16392.771275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19588.138387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17105.372733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49516.485307                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49516.485307                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24011.798231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24011.798231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17303.239211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16226.296634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16392.771275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20653.296504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17555.277561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17303.239211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16226.296634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16392.771275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20653.296504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17555.277561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        180222                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32228.308590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26852065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        212600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        126.303222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17907.868588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.055918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.017518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   435.266101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   141.167366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5514.984410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8228.946491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.546505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.251128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       302514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       151514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18196021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5106475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               23756524                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3241461                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3241461                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27030                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               27030                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1501797                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1501797                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       302514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       151514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18196021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6608272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                25258321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       302514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       151514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18196021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6608272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               25258321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               167477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        77453                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             77453                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       148425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             148425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       298338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                315902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14562                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       298338                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               315902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213830625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     64753103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1362114095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8864128637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10504826460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1767065844                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1767065844                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13300898932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13300898932                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213830625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     64753103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1362114095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22165027569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23805725392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213830625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     64753103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1362114095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22165027569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23805725392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5256388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23924001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3241461                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3241461                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       104483                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          104483                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1650222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1650222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6906610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            25574223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       304819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18210583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6906610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           25574223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741298                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.741298                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.089942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92768.167028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.586801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93538.943483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59128.485435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62723.994698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22814.685603                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22814.685603                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89613.602372                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89613.602372                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92768.167028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.586801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93538.943483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74295.019639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75357.944527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92768.167028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.586801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93538.943483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74295.019639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75357.944527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              119314                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   119314                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          167477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77453                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        77453                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        148425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           315902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          315902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    181535273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54946358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1156774577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6749081406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8142337614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4091852554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4091852554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11177367070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11177367070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    181535273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54946358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1156774577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17926448476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319704684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    181535273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54946358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1156774577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17926448476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319704684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8562503125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8562503125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13029179322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13029179322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21591682447                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21591682447                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741298                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741298                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78757.168330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78832.651363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79437.891567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45019.987633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48617.646686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52830.136392                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52830.136392                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75306.498703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75306.498703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78757.168330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78832.651363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79437.891567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60087.714190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61157.272458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78757.168330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78832.651363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79437.891567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60087.714190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61157.272458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840078                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25001                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                36208200                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635246                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         48825                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 22185254                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 14022945                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          24412                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          24413                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               20134                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              39567026                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               133650958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              39567538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.377793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133628281                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      133628281                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133628281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       133628281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    133628281                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      133628281                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43406140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     43406140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43406140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      43406140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43406140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     43406140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 897943625966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 897943625966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 897943625966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 897943625966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 897943625966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 897943625966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177034421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    177034421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177034421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    177034421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177034421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    177034421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20687.018610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20687.018610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20687.018610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20687.018610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20687.018610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20687.018610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       337788                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42223.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3839109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3839109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3839109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3839109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3839109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3839109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39567031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     39567031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39567031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     39567031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     39567031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     39567031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 692482052063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 692482052063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 692482052063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 692482052063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 692482052063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 692482052063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17501.491382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17501.491382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17501.491382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17501.491382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17501.491382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17501.491382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4492480                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4175809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4492496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.929508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4175397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4175397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4175397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4493193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4493193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4493193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4493193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4493193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4493193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  71006639242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71006639242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  71006639242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71006639242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  71006639242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71006639242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8668590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8668590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8668590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8668590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8668590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8668590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15803.158075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15803.158075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15803.158075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15803.158075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15803.158075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15803.158075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        29103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        29103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4493193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4493193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4493193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4493193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4493193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4493193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  57223775099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57223775099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  57223775099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57223775099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  57223775099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57223775099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12735.659274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12735.659274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12735.659274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12735.659274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12735.659274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12735.659274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17442634                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4956831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17442650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.284179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4956700                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4956700                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4956700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4956700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4956700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4956700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17453555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17453555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17453555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17453555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17453555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17453555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 264523792931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 264523792931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 264523792931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 264523792931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 264523792931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 264523792931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22410255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22410255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22410255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22410255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22410255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22410255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.778820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15155.868987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15155.868987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15155.868987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15155.868987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15155.868987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15155.868987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        17356                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        17356                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17453555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17453555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17453555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17453555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17453555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17453555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211169360805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 211169360805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211169360805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 211169360805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211169360805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 211169360805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12098.931181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12098.931181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12098.931181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12098.931181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12098.931181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12098.931181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              11358858                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1020.128303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               283981284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              11359879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.998619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1020.128303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.996219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    183962578                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      183962578                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98978008                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98978008                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    282940586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       282940586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    282940586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      282940586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14038807                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     14038807                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3402738                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3402738                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17441545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      17441545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17441545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     17441545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393951021614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 393951021614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94088452764                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  94088452764                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 488039474378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 488039474378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 488039474378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 488039474378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    198001385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    198001385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102380746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102380746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    300382131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    300382131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    300382131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    300382131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28061.574008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28061.574008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27650.807310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27650.807310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27981.435955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27981.435955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27981.435955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27981.435955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5458311                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          5458311                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5123942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5123942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        33164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5157106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5157106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5157106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5157106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8914865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8914865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3369574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3369574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12284439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12284439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12284439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12284439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219012742320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 219012742320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81542098268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81542098268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 300554840588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 300554840588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 300554840588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 300554840588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10031316242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10031316242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15198465347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15198465347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25229781589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25229781589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24567.140649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24567.140649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24199.527379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24199.527379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24466.305754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24466.305754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24466.305754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24466.305754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3035636475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       227994902                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    227994902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42132407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    193826877                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       102335519                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1346405218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1040067177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          227994902                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    102335519                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            324971745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      149753306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          79364196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     365965018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       616407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1710333                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        177034429                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29118903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1112074                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2225210709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.327708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1908648497     85.77%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20069457      0.90%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14417098      0.65%     87.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26345941      1.18%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22236158      1.00%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27218847      1.22%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19422609      0.87%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16471806      0.74%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       170380296      7.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2225210709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075106                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.342619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1409323965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    403539844                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        300057884                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6111280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     106177736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1885539574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     106177736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1430141876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      133645782                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    226738131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        284417003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     44090181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1805818407                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       614937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       6723106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29317121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       176592                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1961806222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4489762306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4489676550                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        85756                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1198604712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       763201605                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6129948                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6167417                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        137147707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    253804466                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    155655458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15348230                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14260105                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1671395981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8932912                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1515484002                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6964953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    543146069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    731574801                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3318479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2225210709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.681052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.458371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1665849303     74.86%     74.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    188042328      8.45%     83.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    120074313      5.40%     88.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     83356974      3.75%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     68547728      3.08%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     48856512      2.20%     97.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36962366      1.66%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11195022      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2326163      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2225210709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4540039     42.60%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4125513     38.71%     81.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      1992294     18.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18279458      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1126634338     74.34%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    232091736     15.31%     90.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    138478470      9.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1515484002                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.499231                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10657846                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007033                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5280376881                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2223830140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1439923754                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40442                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        22760                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20153                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1507842166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20224                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22678844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     90182783                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       497936                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       400569                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     53251866                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       193387                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     106177736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       76013501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1623264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1680328893                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29426229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    253804466                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    155655458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7883840                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        758263                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        70022                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       400569                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     13978005                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33238678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47216683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1468749579                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    220921343                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46734423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           353680297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155712278                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         132758954                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.483836                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1442855726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1439943907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        905529372                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1394896328                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.474347                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649173                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    600969766                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5614433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42330146                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2119932172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.509075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.467340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1762749274     83.15%     83.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128352884      6.05%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58117324      2.74%     91.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63729318      3.01%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33620112      1.59%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15161252      0.72%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12321359      0.58%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7831686      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38048963      1.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2119932172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    584068549                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1079203854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266025302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            163621695                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576615                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125001102                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1074654758                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38048963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3760787747                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3466992450                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               22425080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              810425766                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            34359431                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          584068549                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1079203854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    584068549                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.197398                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.197398                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.192404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.192404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2818813023                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1551844197                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20153                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      690367150                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5250590                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2815604552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       506732074                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3326126506                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2815604552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2815604552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800126                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    353559077                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       361123427                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        351950569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80318999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           432506419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51011069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51192401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2690294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       921131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        82021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2749260028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          494791868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3247752475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2749260028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2749260028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3675527                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3710583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         345228110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            352614220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3682659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6400877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       921131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        82021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2749260028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         840019978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3600366695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840078                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25001                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               36208200                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635246                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        48825                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                14022945                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                22185254                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         24413                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         24412                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              20039                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3075463632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 265840686                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   507700978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           506015344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36314417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  506015344                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1305199134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        560065810                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   131536133                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  80397821                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51138312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2481633074.403618                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             593830557.596382                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.193087                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.806913                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
