
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57022                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100725                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30795670                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682107                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       196672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    533873957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              749821021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203091004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    533873957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             749821021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          3107                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1156.119739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          3107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.297071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          175.858461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.089255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.486849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.057654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.371101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.705159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.148847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    316.072252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    640.330161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.085868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.154332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.312661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.564512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1013                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1013                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2749                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 4024                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5812471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1961584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125272420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246658297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      379704772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       450493                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       450493                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73737548                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73737548                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5812471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1961584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125272420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    320395845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       453442320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5812471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1961584                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125272420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    320395845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      453442320                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.529962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.388889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.388889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966171                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.966216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.886792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.568703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.886792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.568703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 64583.011111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78463.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91373.026988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97531.948201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94360.032803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16089.035714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16089.035714                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103273.876751                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103129.437762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 64583.011111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78463.360000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91373.026988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98796.128585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95683.123022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 64583.011111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78463.360000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91373.026988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98796.128585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95683.123022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5318156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1824599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117669435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232636339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357448529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1387086                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1387086                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69822578                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69822578                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5318156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1824599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117669435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302458917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427271107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5318156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1824599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117669435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302458917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427271107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.388889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.886792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.567503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.125628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.886792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 59090.622222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 72983.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85827.450766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91987.480822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89028.276214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49538.785714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49538.785714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97790.725490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97790.725490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 59090.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 72983.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85827.450766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93265.160962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90351.259674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 59090.622222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 72983.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85827.450766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93265.160962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90351.259674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2108.464467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks          136.649807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.328027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.475941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.472984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    551.415623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1376.122114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.004170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.064345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          203                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             476                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  476                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4317                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4499020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110385746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221926929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338457094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        92195                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        92195                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67302889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67302889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4499020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110385746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289229818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405759983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4499020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645399                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110385746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289229818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405759983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               4024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          476                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              476                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.533333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.851933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.896372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.993007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.533333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.851933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.947888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.910952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.533333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.851933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.947888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.910952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93729.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96788.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94508.344178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93838.024947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93833.405600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7682.916667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7682.916667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94926.500705                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94792.801408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93729.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96788.176471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94508.344178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94089.075472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93991.193653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93729.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96788.176471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94508.344178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94089.075472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93991.193653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3827507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93977881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188646984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287862029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57270727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57270727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3827507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93977881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245917711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345132756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3827507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93977881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245917711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345132756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.533333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.851933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.533333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.851933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.947888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.908842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.533333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.851933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.947888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79739.729167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80460.514555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79766.166596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80006.122568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80776.765867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80776.765867                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79739.729167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80460.514555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79999.255368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80132.982586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79739.729167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80460.514555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79999.255368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80132.982586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1117                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.689946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.559534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.404057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.285889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.681035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32012                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32012                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1956                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163803125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163803125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163803125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163803125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163803125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163803125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83743.928937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83701.136944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83743.928937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83701.136944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83743.928937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83701.136944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130798019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130798019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130798019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130798019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130798019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130798019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80491.088615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80491.088615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80491.088615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80491.088615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80491.088615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80491.088615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          191                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.654437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.214660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019266188000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.520846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.133591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.570849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.665902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1428                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1428                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1428                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4374822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4374822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4374822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4374822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4374822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4374822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.139759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.139759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19187.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18856.991379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19187.815789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18856.991379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19187.815789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18856.991379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3642728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3642728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3642728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3642728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3642728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3642728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.137681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15976.877193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15976.877193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15976.877193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15976.877193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15976.877193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15976.877193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2856                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.276493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.659664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124954300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.610302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2902                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2907                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2907                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34559820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34559820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34559820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34559820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34559820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34559820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.572695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.572695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.572695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11908.966230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11888.482972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11908.966230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11888.482972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11908.966230                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11888.482972                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25544670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25544670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25544670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25544670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25544670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25544670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.572612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8802.436251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8802.436251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8802.436251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8802.436251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8802.436251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8802.436251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3147                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.114987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.736575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081983300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.766241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45730                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45733                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21984                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21984                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67714                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7449                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    708511285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    708511285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79959810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79959810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788471095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788471095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788471095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788471095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95114.953014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95089.422225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98594.093711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98472.672414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95456.549031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95421.892170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95456.549031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95421.892170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          996                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              996                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255801943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255801943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76831230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76831230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332633173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332633173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332633173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332633173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035534                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87633.416581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87633.416581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94853.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94853.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89201.709037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89201.709037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89201.709037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89201.709037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56880                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38250                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24316                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                267614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2274                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33968                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       753847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.649206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.045479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671924     89.13%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8959      1.19%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5200      0.69%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3714      0.49%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5645      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5579      0.74%     92.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5344      0.71%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3494      0.46%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43988      5.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       753847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          160564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       489833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74593                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4617                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        471511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          170126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69588                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31652                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        449583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          496                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       539748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1173107                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1173107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       333183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30136                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            424302                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2154                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371779                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2276                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143471                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227585                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          677                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       753847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.493176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603947     80.12%     80.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56233      7.46%     87.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34497      4.58%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22674      3.01%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16477      2.19%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10647      1.41%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6669      0.88%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2251      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          452      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       753847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            818     33.87%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           854     35.36%     69.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          743     30.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2984      0.80%      0.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280937     75.57%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60133     16.17%     92.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27725      7.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371779                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336076                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2415                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006496                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1503547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       570053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        371210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22562                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7341                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       426456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30136                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5458                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7403                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       364045                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57921                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85022                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37410                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27101                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329084                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           249439                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399003                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324268                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625156                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149366                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6474                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.379529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       638311     87.47%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35773      4.90%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13733      1.88%     94.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14939      2.05%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7185      0.98%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3473      0.48%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2910      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2228      0.31%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11219      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155657                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67229                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44434                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30566                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1143945                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             877140                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2123                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 352389                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.106882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.106882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140709                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140709                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          729139                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         418336                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169002                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.211715                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1211715186219                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6231482455824                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25112                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46937                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35411179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4661520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34218.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   859294485                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1606098762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3536000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       951488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10923968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15629312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       951488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         951488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11736576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11736576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       170687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               244208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         183384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              183384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        20810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             2918178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       126762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        32219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       785241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9015293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               12898503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       785241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            785241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9685920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9685920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9685920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        20810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            2918178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       126762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        32219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       785241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9015293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              22584423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   100918                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.412232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   100932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.546338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020600624000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.104249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.307983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.956749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.963264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7620                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7620                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103799                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99867                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101595                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205421                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4605569395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4606660395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    122045784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6751470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6873515784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123136784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11357039395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11480176179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123136784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11357039395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11480176179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.929108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.930229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.886490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40407.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44370.074808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44369.044315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70628.347222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67604.614137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67656.043939                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70163.409687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55763.060084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55886.088467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70163.409687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55763.060084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55886.088467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       200100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9528.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56735                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56735                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       749200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322033038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3322782238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    101239192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5518212100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5619451292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    101988392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8840245138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8942233530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    101988392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8840245138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8942233530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.929108                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.885624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27748.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32004.480178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32003.373317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58587.495370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55255.610963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55312.282022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58113.043875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43405.601023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43531.253036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58113.043875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43405.601023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43531.253036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      44867956                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1842.356855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        37165303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      44869718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.828294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          198.187871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    36.474249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    23.406025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1267.940518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    316.348193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.096771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.619112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.154467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.899588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17199895                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4198022                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9898923                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2666817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               33963657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6406382                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              6406382                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1584586                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1584586                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       725511                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               725511                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17199895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4198022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9898923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3392328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                34689168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17199895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4198022                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9898923                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3392328                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               34689168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       940063                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       565144                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     30718637                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9451316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             41675160                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             7                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  7                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       146229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            146229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2371175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2371175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       940063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       565144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     30718637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11822491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              44046335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       940063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       565144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     30718637                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11822491                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             44046335                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21524798530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  12405062812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 689911386234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 244802928098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   968644175674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2128659883                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2128659883                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68519266702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  68519266702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21524798530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  12405062812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 689911386234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 313322194800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1037163442376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21524798530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  12405062812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 689911386234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 313322194800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1037163442376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18139958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40617560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12118133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           75638817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6406389                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          6406389                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1730815                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1730815                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3096686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3096686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18139958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40617560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15214819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            78735503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18139958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4763166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40617560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15214819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           78735503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.756290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.550976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.084486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.765714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.756290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.559422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.756290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.559422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22897.187242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21950.268979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22459.049411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25901.464738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23242.722420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14557.029611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14557.029611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28896.756546                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28896.756546                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22897.187242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21950.268979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22459.049411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26502.214702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23547.099716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22897.187242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21950.268979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22459.049411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26502.214702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23547.099716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5843159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5843159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         2511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         2511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         2511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       938861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     30718636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9451316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41671446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       146229                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       146229                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2371175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2371175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       938861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     30718636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11822491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         44042621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       938861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     30718636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11822491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        44042621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16478960458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9310275489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 516246034132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193101243278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 735136513357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4589434807                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4589434807                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55276305984                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55276305984                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16478960458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9310275489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 516246034132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 248377549262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 790412819341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16478960458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9310275489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 516246034132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 248377549262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 790412819341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11379284098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11379284098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16660843057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16660843057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  28040127155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  28040127155                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.756290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.756290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.559374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.118122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.756290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.559374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17552.076887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16547.688260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16805.630111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20431.148771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17641.252798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31385.257418                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31385.257418                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23311.778331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23311.778331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17552.076887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16547.688260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16805.630111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21008.901530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17946.543630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17552.076887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16547.688260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16805.630111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21008.901530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17946.543630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        188653                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32479.962330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        47197932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        221250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        213.323986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        19547.653936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.065872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.001939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.014840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   462.173210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   144.605928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5573.704883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   6751.741723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.596547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.206047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       936461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562023                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     30703761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9298147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               41500392                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5843166                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5843166                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        96941                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               96941                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2188412                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2188412                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       936461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     30703761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     11486559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                43688804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       936461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562023                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     30703761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11486559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               43688804                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14875                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               171054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        62476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             62476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       169575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             169575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       322744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                340629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14875                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       322744                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               340629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    222601410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56682344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1391404891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9031605661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10702294306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1829398698                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1829398698                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15289171628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15289171628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    222601410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56682344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1391404891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24320777289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25991465934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    222601410                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56682344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1391404891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24320777289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25991465934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       938861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     30718636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9451316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           41671446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5843166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5843166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       159417                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          159417                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2357987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2357987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       938861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     30718636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11809303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            44029433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       938861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     30718636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11809303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           44029433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.004105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.391903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.391903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.071915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.007736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.007736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.587500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92921.875410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93539.824605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58964.971117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62566.758486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29281.623311                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29281.623311                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90161.707964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90161.707964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.587500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92921.875410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93539.824605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75356.249191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76304.325040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.587500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92921.875410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93539.824605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75356.249191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76304.325040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              126649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   126649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62476                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        62476                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       169575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        169575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       322744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           340629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       322744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          340629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    188939566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     48099014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1181595370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6872120854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8290754804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2879445060                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2879445060                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12863024529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12863024529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    188939566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     48099014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1181595370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19735145383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21153779333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    188939566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     48099014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1181595370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19735145383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21153779333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10137248563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10137248563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14832566189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14832566189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  24969814752                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  24969814752                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.391903                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391903                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.007736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.819167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78850.842623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79434.982857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44866.264414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48468.640336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46088.819067                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46088.819067                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75854.486387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75854.486387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.819167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78850.842623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79434.982857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61147.985348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62102.109136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.819167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78850.842623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79434.982857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61147.985348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62102.109136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                30603337                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         41267                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 18751258                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 11852079                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          20634                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          20634                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               23907                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40617563                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137208687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40618075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.378020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137187210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137187210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137187210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137187210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137187210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137187210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     45238029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     45238029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     45238029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      45238029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     45238029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     45238029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1133012952360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1133012952360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1133012952360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1133012952360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1133012952360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1133012952360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182425239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182425239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182425239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    182425239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182425239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    182425239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.247981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.247981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.247981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25045.586145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25045.586145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25045.586145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25045.586145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25045.586145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25045.586145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       327978                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40997.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4620460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4620460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4620460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4620460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4620460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4620460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40617569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40617569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40617569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40617569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40617569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40617569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 899349133948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 899349133948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 899349133948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 899349133948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 899349133948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 899349133948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22141.874959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22141.874959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22141.874959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22141.874959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22141.874959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22141.874959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4764465                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4432944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4764481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.930415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432452                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4432452                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4432452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4432452                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4432452                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4765200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4765200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4765200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4765200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4765200                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4765200                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  80018930056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80018930056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  80018930056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  80018930056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  80018930056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  80018930056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9197652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9197652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9197652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9197652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9197652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9197652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16792.355002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16792.355002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16792.355002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16792.355002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16792.355002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16792.355002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        12595                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        12595                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4765200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4765200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4765200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4765200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4765200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4765200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65264540322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65264540322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65264540322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65264540322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65264540322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65264540322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13696.075783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13696.075783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13696.075783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13696.075783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13696.075783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13696.075783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18143242                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.986243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5286578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18143258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.291380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.986243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5286274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5286274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5286274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5286274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5286274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5286274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18154164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18154164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18154164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18154164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18154164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18154164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 268780189143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 268780189143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 268780189143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 268780189143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 268780189143                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 268780189143                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23440438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23440438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23440438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23440438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23440438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23440438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.774481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.774481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.774481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14805.429165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14805.429165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14805.429165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14805.429165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14805.429165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14805.429165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        15133                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        15133                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18154164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18154164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18154164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18154164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18154164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18154164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 212942866732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 212942866732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 212942866732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 212942866732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 212942866732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 212942866732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11729.698307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11729.698307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11729.698307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11729.698307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11729.698307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11729.698307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15172774                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.829638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               285097976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15173286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.789468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.829638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    184764165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      184764165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98379192                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98379192                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    283143357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       283143357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    283143357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      283143357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19268876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     19268876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4838069                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4838069                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     24106945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      24106945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     24106945                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     24106945                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 590093132216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 590093132216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125538184037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 125538184037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 715631316253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 715631316253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 715631316253                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 715631316253                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204033041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    204033041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    103217261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    103217261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307250302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    307250302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307250302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    307250302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30624.159511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30624.159511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25947.993722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25947.993722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29685.690835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29685.690835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29685.690835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29685.690835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6378661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6378661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7147235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7147235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        33963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7181198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7181198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7181198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7181198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12121641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12121641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4804106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4804106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16925747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16925747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16925747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16925747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 334525981722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 334525981722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107821158780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 107821158780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 442347140502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 442347140502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 442347140502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 442347140502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11881212994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11881212994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  17314764970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17314764970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  29195977964                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  29195977964                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27597.417026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27597.417026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22443.542832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22443.542832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26134.571225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26134.571225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26134.571225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26134.571225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3600242538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       234862949                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    234862949                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43049077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    200342510                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104957907                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1497500654                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1076502510                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          234862949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104957907                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            335569741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      158665060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          88294572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     416769617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       784633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2309369                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        182425247                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29791677                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1193600                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2455286096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.263075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2128428699     86.69%     86.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20648429      0.84%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14848930      0.60%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26777837      1.09%     89.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23135753      0.94%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28196647      1.15%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        20149380      0.82%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16995248      0.69%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       176105173      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2455286096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.065235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.299008                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1560953180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    463931785                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        310015244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6328433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     114057454                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1949468916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     114057454                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1582907186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      145583685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    271141302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        293185676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48410793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1867949113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       673903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7382821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32354685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       282936                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2028528390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4645507028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4645423412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        83616                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1207637642                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       820890740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6328136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6373191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149316216                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    263342203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    162855615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17445619                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15059862                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1730405550                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9106192                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1559358882                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8012570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    593080170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    788922806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3351457                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2455286096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.635103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1874484191     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    197797045      8.06%     84.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    125560679      5.11%     89.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     86290537      3.51%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70483298      2.87%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     50162868      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     37044977      1.51%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11148534      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2313967      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2455286096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4533745     42.07%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4030704     37.40%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2211900     20.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18740373      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1156814361     74.19%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    239697414     15.37%     90.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    144106734      9.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1559358882                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.433126                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10776349                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006911                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5599661158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2332980795                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1481933159                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40326                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        21390                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20124                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1551374698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20160                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23987929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98408575                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       518117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       432410                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59600948                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       206584                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     114057454                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       84112295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1938876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1739511742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30386115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    263342203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    162855615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      8053095                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        968859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        69469                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       432410                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14254283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     34036547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48290830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1511960079                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    228292716                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47398803                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           366666155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       159094246                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         138373439                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.419961                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1484936029                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1481953283                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        931671638                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1435567780                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.411626                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648992                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    652093225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5754735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43316005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2342139883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.464255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.412161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1983270943     84.68%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    129092190      5.51%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58129329      2.48%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63897292      2.73%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33635495      1.44%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15084608      0.64%     97.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12044523      0.51%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7809606      0.33%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39175897      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2342139883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    587968865                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1087349300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             268188291                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164933625                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             579633                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125808781                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1082755913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39175897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4041072663                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3593410872                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26781154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1144956442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            34232595                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          587968865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1087349300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    587968865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.123186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.123186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.163314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.163314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2891562373                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1593149670                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20124                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      712427830                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5416716                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       944184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2859535376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       515867408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3379193496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2859535376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2859535376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    359658865                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       367223301                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       118023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        357441922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81695880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           439374743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51892281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           52073604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2273828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       779213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        69317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2359907187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          425733220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2788768792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2359907187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2359907187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3106525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3136225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         296817989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            303060740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3112553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5410054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       779213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        69317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2359907187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         722551209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3091829532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               30603337                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        41267                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                11852079                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                18751258                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         20634                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         20634                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              23746                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3638773440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 269923543                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   516261479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           514528227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36816154                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  514528227                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1326559989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        569386546                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133818991                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81785651                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 52033340                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             3034968710.753911                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             603804729.246089                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.165936                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.834064                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
