
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    71749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21072339                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        54400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              252032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    187602982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5959154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    431266149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              869153579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    431266149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         431707568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        181423119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             181423119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        181423119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    187602982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5959154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    431266149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1050576698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      841                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.287009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063834000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.287009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.517938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.517938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          852                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            852                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          866                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             866                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148109888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    148109888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148703888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    148703888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148703888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    148703888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173837.896714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173837.896714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171713.496536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171713.496536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171713.496536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171713.496536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       864400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10941.772152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            828                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 828                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       422500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       422500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137952900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137952900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138375400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138375400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138375400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138375400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30178.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30178.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161916.549296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161916.549296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159786.836028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159786.836028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159786.836028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159786.836028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           14                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           206                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1679.741528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.257282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           77.885800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.604171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.995646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.734877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1106.387977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    461.133121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.270114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.410093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             572                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  572                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2852                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2833703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204067098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86211845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293847849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28940592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28940592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2833703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204067098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115152437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322788441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2833703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204067098                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115152437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322788441                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          572                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              572                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.547009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.374622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.774105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.774105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.547009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.392803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.547009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.392803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104951.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91900.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102856.400202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104626.025485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103032.205119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102991.430605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102991.430605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104951.962963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91900.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102856.400202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104210.350226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103028.548037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104951.962963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91900.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102856.400202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104210.350226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103028.548037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2685803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193117543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81699687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278194336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27380492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27380492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2685803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193117543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109080179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305574828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2685803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193117543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109080179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305574828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3186629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3186629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248156                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.547009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.774105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.547009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.547009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99474.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86412.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97337.471270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99150.105583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97852.386915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97439.473310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97439.473310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99474.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86412.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97337.471270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98715.094118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97815.245839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99474.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86412.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97337.471270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98715.094118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97815.245839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1656.289944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.477146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.708882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.205460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1135.506736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.391797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     43                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     43                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2592003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186009296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78671174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      267925076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26346544                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26346544                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2592003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186009296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105017718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294271620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2592003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186009296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105017718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294271620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96000.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95194.112590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96885.682266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95380.945532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94094.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94094.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96000.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93229                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95194.112590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96170.071429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95264.363872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96000.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93229                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95194.112590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96170.071429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95264.363872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2217497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158558254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67336972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228667611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22353182                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22353182                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2217497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158558254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89690154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251020793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2217497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158558254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89690154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251020793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152696                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152696                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82129.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79269.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81145.472876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82927.305419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81667.003929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79832.792857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79832.792857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82129.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79269.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81145.472876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82133.840659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81500.257468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82129.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79269.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81145.472876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82133.840659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81500.257468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3117                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.959890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.784087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971067236300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.792880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.167010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31010                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    286857372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286857372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    286857372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    286857372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    286857372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    286857372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67782.932892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.914502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67782.932892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.914502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67782.932892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67750.914502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          605                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          605                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225264208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225264208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225264208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225264208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225264208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225264208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62107.584229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62107.584229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62107.584229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62107.584229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62107.584229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62107.584229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          115                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.592661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.139130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.261824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2393841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2393841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2393841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2393841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2393841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2393841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.209651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19462.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19462.121951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.738095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19462.121951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.738095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2012408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2012408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2012408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2012408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2012408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2012408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.205686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16361.040650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16361.040650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16361.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16361.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16361.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16361.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2469                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.349342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.104496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.284866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31506863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31506863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31506863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31506863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31506863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31506863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.143030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12678.818109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.143030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12678.818109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.143030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12678.818109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23867174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23867174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23867174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23867174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23867174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23867174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9616.105560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9616.105560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9616.105560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9616.105560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9616.105560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9616.105560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1244                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               353.801302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.772508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.488082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   353.313220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.690065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.691018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20708                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20708                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2708                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3086                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209395625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209395625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32650063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32650063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242045688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242045688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242045688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242045688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77324.824594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77296.280915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86604.941645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86604.941645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78458.894003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78433.469864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78458.894003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78433.469864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          572                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              572                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95178640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95178640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30306207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30306207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125484847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125484847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125484847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125484847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7330048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7330048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10655077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10655077                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017311                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017311                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69321.660597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69321.660597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83030.704110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83030.704110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72200.717491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72200.717491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72200.717491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72200.717491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  821644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49162                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35742                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21480                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196125                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                229725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21480                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1006                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4267                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             39                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       457148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.958350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.436724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388692     85.03%     85.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2982      0.65%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2737      0.60%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3879      0.85%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6189      1.35%     88.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4079      0.89%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6234      1.36%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3388      0.74%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38968      8.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       457148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.279592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64122                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1779                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        420745                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57762                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12781                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        399610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       438432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       999616                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       999526                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1358                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            370308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2153                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335909                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       156884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1001                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       457148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.734793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.503549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       334279     73.12%     73.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40027      8.76%     81.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26118      5.71%     87.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19916      4.36%     91.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14847      3.25%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10846      2.37%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8036      1.76%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2568      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          511      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       457148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            892     51.32%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           430     24.74%     76.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          416     23.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4117      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259956     77.39%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45122     13.43%     92.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26704      7.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335909                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.408825                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1738                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1133234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       483024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        333516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5570                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16689                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9496                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       372461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1760                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           503                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1814                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325878                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42815                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33846                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25622                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.396617                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                321221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320334                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208933                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340861                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.389870                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.612957                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       436732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.579893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.545703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       351671     80.52%     80.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30419      6.97%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16347      3.74%     91.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13227      3.03%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8108      1.86%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3395      0.78%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2316      0.53%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2831      0.65%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8418      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       436732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8418                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              800584                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             765738                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 364496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2247                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.136709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.136709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          646179                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349570                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140198                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003926137579                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975428915988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26321                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50177                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2217945710                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4564332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9019.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   237392675                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     452548998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1204800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       470656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1592320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4347328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       470656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         470656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2488448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2488448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               60228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 217324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              60228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45392                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.942947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.402735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.937750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.933609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.933934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5327                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5327                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1653                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1653                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6980                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6980                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           32050                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35365                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52005                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         67155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            84055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        67155                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           84055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1291238907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1302293907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2929615920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2343993000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5273608920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940670920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3635231907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6575902827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940670920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3635231907                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6575902827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        37117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        37018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        74135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          91035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        74135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         91035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.955346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.969194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.923326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.923326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42519.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40617.769959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40633.195226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176058.649038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66280.022621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101405.805596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174004.196450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54131.961983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78233.333258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174004.196450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54131.961983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78233.333258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21582300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1888                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11431.302966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35366                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35366                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        67155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        84055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        67155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        84055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7864300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    895391739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903256039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2729066392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1906845001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4635911393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736930692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2802236740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5539167432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736930692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2802236740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5539167432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.955346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30247.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28165.830104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28182.715725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164006.393750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53918.987728                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89143.570676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161948.561657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41727.894274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65899.321064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161948.561657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41727.894274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65899.321064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        571499                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4014.283805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         9090623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        575540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         15.794946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          794.380374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.585810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.459827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2356.952248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    823.903827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.193941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.575428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.201148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1305911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        73668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6092159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       848794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                8320532                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          820646                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               820646                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               30173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       215440                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               215440                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1305911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        73668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6092159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1064234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8535972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1305911                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        73668                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6092159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1064234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8535972                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       330117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       181105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               518466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             21110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        63446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              63446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       330117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       244551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                581912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       330117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       244551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               581912                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    148651991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     27784883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7682089177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5832694839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13691220890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    579138577                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    579138577                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3210309191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3210309191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    148651991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     27784883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7682089177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9043004030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16901530081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    148651991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     27784883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7682089177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9043004030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16901530081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6422276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1029899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8838998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       820646                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           820646                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           51283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       278886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           278886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6422276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1308785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             9117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6422276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1308785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            9117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.058657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411637                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.411637                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.227498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.227498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23621.800572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29216.491062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23270.807553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32206.150239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26407.172100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27434.323875                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27434.323875                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50599.079390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50599.079390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23621.800572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29216.491062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23270.807553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36977.988354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29044.821349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23621.800572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29216.491062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23270.807553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36977.988354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29044.821349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              117336                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   117336                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       330116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       181091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21110                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21110                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         63446                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       330116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       244537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           581897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       330116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       244537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          581897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    114743883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22582405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5800902815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4822854035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10761083138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1321178526                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321178526                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2854388808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2854388808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    114743883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22582405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5800902815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7677242843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13615471946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    114743883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22582405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5800902815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7677242843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13615471946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3956537824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3956537824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6385445259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6385445259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10341983083                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10341983083                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411637                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411637                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.227498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.051402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.186843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18233.574289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23745.956887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17572.316443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26632.212727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20756.220237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62585.434676                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62585.434676                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44989.263437                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44989.263437                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18233.574289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23745.956887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17572.316443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31395.015245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23398.422652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18233.574289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23745.956887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17572.316443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31395.015245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23398.422652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8492                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30388.360116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          568031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         14.357632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10540.395540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.453750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.035785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.086110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   164.484955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    56.121304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8451.391762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11171.390909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.321667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.257916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.340924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.927379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          871                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       322761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       136834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 466547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          117336                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               117336                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          175                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 175                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        37186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                37186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       322761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       174020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  503733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6081                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          871                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       322761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       174020                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 503733                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                51904                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29081                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29081                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 70018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                70018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19820680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7479089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    688541140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2339510278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3055351187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    441588412                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    441588412                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1447225089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1447225089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19820680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7479089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    688541140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3786735367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4502576276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19820680                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7479089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    688541140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3786735367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4502576276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       330116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       181091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             518451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       117336                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           117336                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29256                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29256                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55300                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            55300                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       330116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       236391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              573751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       330116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       236391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             573751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.084122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.100114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994018                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.994018                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.327559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.084122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.122036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.084122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.122036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93493.773585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93488.612500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93615.382733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52861.926430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58865.428233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15184.773976                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15184.773976                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79895.389699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79895.389699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93493.773585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93488.612500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93615.382733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60713.077664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64305.982405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93493.773585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93488.612500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93615.382733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60713.077664                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64305.982405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3516                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3516                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29081                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29081                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            70018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           70018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16852469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6358825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    584912486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1717657044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2325780824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1588490863                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588490863                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1188120153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188120153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16852469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6358825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    584912486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2905777197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3513900977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16852469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6358825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    584912486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2905777197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3513900977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3526335360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3526335360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5681780055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5681780055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9208115415                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9208115415                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.084122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994018                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994018                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.084122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.122036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.084122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79492.778302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79485.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.830863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38810.968751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44809.279131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54622.979368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54622.979368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65591.263829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65591.263829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79492.778302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79485.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.830863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46588.594010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50185.680496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79492.778302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79485.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79525.830863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46588.594010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50185.680496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       594390                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       750010                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8582                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7231                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4977                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7226                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  537654                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15813                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1344400                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           790                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   237709                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   299945                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            429                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            361                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8914                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6422279                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16951368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6422791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.639253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16943794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16943794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16943794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16943794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16943794                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16943794                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6675858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6675858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6675858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6675858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6675858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6675858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83776000759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83776000759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83776000759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  83776000759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83776000759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  83776000759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23619652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23619652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23619652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23619652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23619652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23619652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.282640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.282640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.282640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12549.098672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12549.098672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12549.098672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12549.098672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12549.098672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12549.098672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35868.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       253476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       253476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       253476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6422382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6422382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6422382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6422382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6422382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6422382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58478741393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58478741393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58478741393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58478741393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58478741393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58478741393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9105.459842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9105.459842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9105.459842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9105.459842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9105.459842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9105.459842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        74656                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         91309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        74672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.222801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972575730300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90990                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        90990                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        90990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90990                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        90990                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        74859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        74859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74859                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        74859                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1299768258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1299768258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1299768258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1299768258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1299768258                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1299768258                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       165849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       165849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.451368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.451368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.451368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.451368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.451368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.451368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17362.885665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17362.885665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17362.885665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17362.885665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17362.885665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17362.885665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        74859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1070888246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070888246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1070888246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070888246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1070888246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070888246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.451368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.451368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.451368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14305.404106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14305.404106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14305.404106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14305.404106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14305.404106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14305.404106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1312485                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         92215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1312501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.070259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        91759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        91759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        91759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        91759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        91759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        91759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1312735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1312735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312735                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1312735                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20902350786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20902350786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20902350786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20902350786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20902350786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20902350786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1404494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1404494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1404494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1404494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1404494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1404494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.934668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.934668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.934668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.934668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.934668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.934668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15922.749668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15922.749668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15922.749668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15922.749668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15922.749668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15922.749668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1312735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1312735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1312735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16901670692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16901670692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16901670692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16901670692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16901670692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16901670692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.934668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.934668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.934668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12875.158118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.158118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12875.158118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.158118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12875.158118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.158118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1292862                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               503.545374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49988919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1293369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 38.650160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971513204300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.545374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.983487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.983487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31318337                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31318337                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18600879                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18600879                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49919216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49919216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49919216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49919216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1591961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1591961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       332011                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       332011                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1923972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1923972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1923972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1923972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35391871563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35391871563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9062587718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9062587718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44454459281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44454459281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44454459281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44454459281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32910298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32910298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18932890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18932890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51843188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51843188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51843188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51843188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22231.619721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22231.619721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27296.046571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27296.046571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23105.564572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.564572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23105.564572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.564572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       819672                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           819672                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       561123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       561123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       564417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       564417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       564417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       564417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1030838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1030838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       328717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       328717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1359555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1359555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1359555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1359555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17986469450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17986469450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7847944774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7847944774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25834414224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25834414224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25834414224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25834414224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4129081333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4129081333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6647698248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6647698248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10776779581                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10776779581                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017362                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017362                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17448.395820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17448.395820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23874.471883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23874.471883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19002.110414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19002.110414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19002.110414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19002.110414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               380362153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29594808                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29594808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3994433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25396581                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15233596                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202767735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             143621752                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29594808                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15233596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             47003930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13688076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            683978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      70648636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       180917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       138233                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23619654                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2832065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          33452                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    330859704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.838404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.287657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       285304843     86.23%     86.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3717184      1.12%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2278370      0.69%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3527487      1.07%     89.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2805592      0.85%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3187286      0.96%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3214413      0.97%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2503805      0.76%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24320724      7.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    330859704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.377592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       200212868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     76722835                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43716131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       771632                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9436238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     271648095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          142                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9436238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       202746692                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10231804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     61865824                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41955406                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4623740                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     263329921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        23642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        294943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2488801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8652                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    289725088                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    660104231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    655029674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5074557                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    221506412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68218794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1607181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1630944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         17148724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     39362132                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23678660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3236019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1898693                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         251602045                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2148842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        237570742                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       520946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     49052667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69385613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       591249                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    330859704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.718041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.465612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    240069927     72.56%     72.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31432703      9.50%     82.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21271748      6.43%     88.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13301396      4.02%     92.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10419269      3.15%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7274935      2.20%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4455188      1.35%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2168828      0.66%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465710      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    330859704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         459129     32.96%     32.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        51006      3.66%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        516422     37.07%     73.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       366610     26.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1863226      0.78%      0.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    175118605     73.71%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1364271      0.57%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37188058     15.65%     90.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22036582      9.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     237570742                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.624591                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1393167                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    804945150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    300273397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    229072613                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3414539                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2579651                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1547035                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     235376452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1724231                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3152958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8395310                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        45496                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        51455                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4696444                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        63019                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9436238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7626922                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       139067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    253750887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2116931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39362132                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23678877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1901006                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         61888                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7697                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        51455                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1604793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2837622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4442415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    233419690                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36151413                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4151052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57681715                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23500253                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21530302                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.613677                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             230978775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            230619648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        148791113                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        231030562                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.606316                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644032                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     54232522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1557593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4005237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    321604099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.619752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.568371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    253603070     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24504107      7.62%     86.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11929601      3.71%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12501779      3.89%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6332397      1.97%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2604572      0.81%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112320      0.66%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1710100      0.53%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6306153      1.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    321604099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104616729                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     199314938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49949270                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30966833                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             200203                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20847147                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1265025                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        197373243                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6306153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           568476443                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          516551741                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2961731                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               49502449                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59689803375                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104616729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            199314938                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104616729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.635768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.635768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.275045                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.275045                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       460978714                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      249870261                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2736527                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1461448                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107776955                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1504874                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1177098                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       369216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1408141904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       236092818                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1645854380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1408141904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1408141904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1021478                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    158401465                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       162384351                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            38186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        176017738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37251615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           213362859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           36102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23442947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23525321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70393277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11802324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              82276568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70393277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70393277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             51064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7918519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8117624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70393277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19720843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             90394192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      750010                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      594390                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7231                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8582                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5440                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8577                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 537654                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15813                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1344400                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          790                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  299945                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  237709                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           361                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           429                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8010                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072781744                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 131693538                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   251307685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           249110936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               964660                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17141700                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  249110936                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      964660                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         636790421                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        280496573                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1609684                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            787357                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60758178                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37273042                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23485136                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59778066226.340416                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             294715517.659582                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
