
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   532545                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              185624378                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466274                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        77440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        77440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    267194600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              471013290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    267194600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         267857066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    267194600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             524010566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.962125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083016533000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.962125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.560133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.560133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     42340968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42340968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     42467968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     42467968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     42467968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     42467968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165394.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165394.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163968.988417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163968.988417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163968.988417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163968.988417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  5876.923077                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        88900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     39262392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39262392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     39351292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39351292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     39351292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39351292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29633.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 153368.718750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153368.718750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 151935.490347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151935.490347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 151935.490347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151935.490347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           351                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1119.733525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              63                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.179487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.346189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.113149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.660754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.248274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.483305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.337424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    756.909095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    319.635387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.003502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.184792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.078036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.273372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              44                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   44                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1761                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1889                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2178169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       697015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126903207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53405494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      183183885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13113824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13113824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2178169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       697015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126903207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66519318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       196297709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2178169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       697015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126903207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66519318                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      196297709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.923427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.579276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.923427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.596087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.923427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.596087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103722.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69701.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104189.825123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107025.038076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104022.649063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103258.456693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102451.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103722.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69701.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104189.825123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106260.891374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103916.203812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103722.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69701.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104189.825123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106260.891374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103916.203812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2062669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       641815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120192223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50687594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173584301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12408924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12408924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2062669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       641815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120192223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63096518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185993225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2062669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       641815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120192223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63096518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185993225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2054735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2054735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2690828                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2690828                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.923427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.923427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.591669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.114943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.923427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98222.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 64181.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98679.986043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101578.344689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99304.520023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97708.062992                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97708.062992                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98222.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 64181.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98679.986043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100793.159744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99196.386667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 98222.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 64181.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98679.986043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100793.159744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99196.386667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1340.565875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.662804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.662669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.604357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    911.425885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    391.210303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1749                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1877                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1991269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115951679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48935008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      167432046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     11981957                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11981957                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1991269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115951679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60916965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       179414003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1991269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115951679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60916965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      179414003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.993186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.993647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.993647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94822.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95827.833884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98066.148297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95730.157804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94346.118110                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93609.039062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94822.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95827.833884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97311.445687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95585.510389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94822.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95827.833884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97311.445687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95585.510389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1699099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98972775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42007558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143149832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10177598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10177598                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1699099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98972775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52185156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153327430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1699099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98972775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52185156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153327430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80909.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81795.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84183.482966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82459.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80138.566929                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80138.566929                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80909.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81795.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83362.869010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82301.358025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80909.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81795.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83362.869010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82301.358025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 74                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                28                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                   810                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               446.518554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.925926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083019751300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.797368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.721186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.872107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12959                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12972                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12959                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12972                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1624                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163217394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163217394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163217394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163217394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163217394                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163217394                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100503.321429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100318.004917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100503.321429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100318.004917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100503.321429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100318.004917                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129990663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129990663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129990663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129990663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129990663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129990663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98552.435936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98552.435936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98552.435936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98552.435936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98552.435936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98552.435936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           79                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.006971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.848101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.145443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.861528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.009090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.616345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.625436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          136                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          136                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1741820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1741820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1741820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1741820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1741820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1741820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.390135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.398230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.390135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.398230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.390135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.398230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20020.919540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19353.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20020.919540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19353.555556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20020.919540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19353.555556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1464831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1464831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1464831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.390135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.390135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.390135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16837.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16837.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16837.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16837.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16837.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16837.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1111                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.361905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.110711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.059887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.302017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.831376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.897619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12988893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12988893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12988893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     12988893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12988893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     12988893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11576.553476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11535.428952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11576.553476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11535.428952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11576.553476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11535.428952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9511603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9511603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9511603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9511603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8477.364528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8477.364528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8477.364528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8477.364528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8477.364528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8477.364528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               402.654451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    3235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.310345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.243383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   399.411068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.780100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.786434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8000                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          8000                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          888                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93545690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93545690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13940873                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     13940873                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107486563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107486563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107486563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107486563                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015869                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105701.344633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105344.245495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108068.782946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107237.484615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106002.527613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105586.014735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106002.527613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105586.014735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     54772302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54772302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13330581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13330581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68102883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68102883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68102883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68102883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       663693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       663693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2133394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2133394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2797087                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2797087                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015744                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109764.132265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109764.132265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104145.164062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104145.164062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108617.038278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108617.038278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108617.038278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108617.038278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  402319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21694                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3514                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14782                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8109                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        84410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 98204                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8109                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                29840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         59240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          290                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         1987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             20                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       185190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.024326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.526216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          156149     84.32%     84.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1170      0.63%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1192      0.64%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1604      0.87%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2195      1.19%     87.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1579      0.85%     88.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2110      1.14%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1534      0.83%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17657      9.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       185190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           82209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        65358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            26959                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          9907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        180697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          9907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           84697                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          35913                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        24504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        169976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           91                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       183429                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       427319                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       427319                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107685                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           75727                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          536                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          536                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        20941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12541                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          269                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            154183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           137493                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        53261                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        76788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          400                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       185190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.742443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.529014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       136319     73.61%     73.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15085      8.15%     81.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10220      5.52%     87.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8008      4.32%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6318      3.41%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4395      2.37%     97.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3448      1.86%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1167      0.63%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          230      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       185190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            280     47.54%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           144     24.45%     71.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          165     28.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2116      1.54%      1.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       105924     77.04%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18657     13.57%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10796      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        137493                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341751                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                589                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       462041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       208356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       129958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        135966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8042                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4398                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          9907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          30589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          291                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       155022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        20941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12541                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       132697                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17603                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               27833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13848                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10230                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329830                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                130341                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               129958                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84008                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           139880                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323022                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600572                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        57325                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3553                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       175355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.557104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.506620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       142158     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12009      6.85%     87.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6424      3.66%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4902      2.80%     94.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3385      1.93%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1405      0.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          970      0.55%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1073      0.61%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3029      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       175355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50627                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21038                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12896                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10971                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              327270                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             320048                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    981                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 217129                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.946728                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.946728                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.125838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.125838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          261828                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         138729                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          57411                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003783129730                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254839460                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114405                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   215942                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4954710436                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4587312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4037.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   461889021                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     871826577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2578624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        28096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       624832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8018624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12191616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       624832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         624832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8938944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8938944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       125291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               190494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         139671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              139671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              128907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        31236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       400855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 609466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        31236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             31236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           446863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                446863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           446863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             128907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        31236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       400855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1056328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    91038                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.855036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    91053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.446103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.850194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.928137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4597                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4597                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15443                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15443                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           69039                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74839                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          89431                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        143650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           158470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       143650                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          158470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2789012912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2798951912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2568256176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5035923000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7604179176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2578195176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7824935912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10403131088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2578195176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7824935912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10403131088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       159093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       159093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.911203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.911203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43592.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40531.498045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40541.605643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176004.398026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67290.089392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85028.448480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173967.285830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54472.230505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65647.321815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173967.285830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54472.230505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65647.321815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18432300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1643                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11218.685332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55416                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55416                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        89431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       143650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       158470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       143650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       158470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7051100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1931915431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938966531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2392387184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4111487603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6503874787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2399438284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6043403034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442841318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2399438284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6043403034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442841318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951110                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30925.877193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28075.677305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28085.090036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163951.972588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54937.767782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72725.059398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161905.417274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42070.330901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53277.221670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161905.417274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42070.330901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53277.221670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       3026423                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2964.079008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        15956309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       3029268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.267381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          699.424527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.412199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.372571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1737.569885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    485.298633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.170758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.424211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.118481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.723652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2523690                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10021200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1597459                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               14285884                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2147434                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2147434                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       196233                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              196233                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       463303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               463303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2523690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10021200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2060762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                14749187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2523690                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143535                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10021200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2060762                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               14749187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1779304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       731060                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              2555741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32798                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             32798                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       368996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             368996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1779304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               2924737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1779304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100056                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              2924737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    823354988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    215278721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39195223170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20022720035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    60256576914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1063873118                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1063873118                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18955096202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  18955096202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    823354988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    215278721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39195223170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38977816237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     79211673116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    823354988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    215278721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39195223170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38977816237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    79211673116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2559803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11800504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2328519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           16841625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2147437                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2147437                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       229031                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          229031                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       832299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           832299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2559803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11800504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            17673924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2559803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       152799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11800504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           17673924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.151751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.143203                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.143203                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.443345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.443345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22799.407083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23238.203908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22028.401650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27388.613842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23576.949665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32437.133911                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32437.133911                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51369.381245                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51369.381245                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22799.407083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23238.203908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22028.401650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35432.574557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27083.349072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22799.407083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23238.203908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22028.401650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35432.574557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27083.349072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              736389                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   736389                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1779297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       731047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2555700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32798                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32798                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       368996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        368996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1779297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          2924696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1779297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         2924696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    628849875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    164091109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29049673505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15961155320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45803769809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1646508061                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646508061                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16882450924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16882450924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    628849875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    164091109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29049673505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32843606244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62686220733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    628849875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    164091109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29049673505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32843606244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62686220733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4557193303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4557193303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8771022665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8771022665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13328215968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13328215968                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.143203                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143203                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.443345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.165481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17418.216630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17733.827840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16326.489341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21833.282019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17922.201279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50201.477560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50201.477560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45752.395484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45752.395484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17418.216630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17733.827840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16326.489341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29856.656734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21433.414185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17418.216630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17733.827840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16326.489341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29856.656734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21433.414185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        107658                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32203.852661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         3102997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        139927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         22.175827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21996.654722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.260271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.240474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.575111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   116.769306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.502752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4534.659433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5506.189888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.671285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.138387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35664                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9135                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1769533                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       645167                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                2459499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          736392                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               736392                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2943                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2943                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       224674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               224674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1769533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       869841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 2684173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35664                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1769533                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       869841                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                2684173                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9764                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                96201                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             52133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       122044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             122044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       207924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                218245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       207924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               218245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40863405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11049248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    915079901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4527619192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5494611746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    838193957                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    838193957                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10767079765                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10767079765                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40863405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11049248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    915079901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15294698957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     16261691511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40863405                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11049248                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    915079901                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15294698957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    16261691511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1779297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       731047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            2555700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       736392                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           736392                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55076                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       346718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           346718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1779297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1077765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             2902418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1779297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1077765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            2902418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.117475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.037642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946565                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.946565                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.351998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.351998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.075194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.075194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93082.927107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93637.694915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93719.776833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52720.297997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57115.952495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16077.992001                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.992001                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88222.934065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88222.934065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93082.927107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93637.694915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93719.776833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73559.083882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74511.175564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93082.927107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93637.694915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93719.776833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73559.083882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74511.175564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               84257                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    84257                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52133                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        52133                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       122044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       207924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           218245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       207924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          218245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34716935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9397219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    777482464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3319779366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141375984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2815299827                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2815299827                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9006882439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9006882439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34716935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9397219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    777482464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12326661805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13148258423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34716935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9397219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    777482464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12326661805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13148258423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4060650422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4060650422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7812589243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7812589243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11873239665                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11873239665                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.117475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.946565                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.946565                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.351998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.075194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79081.856492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79637.449153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79627.454322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38656.024290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43049.198906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54002.260123                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54002.260123                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73800.288740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73800.288740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79081.856492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79637.449153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79627.454322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59284.458769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60245.405040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79081.856492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79637.449153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79627.454322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59284.458769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60245.405040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1276218                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1603705                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18419                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15541                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10662                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15536                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1151751                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33960                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2879923                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1698                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   510391                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   641361                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            921                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            777                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10191                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11800507                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33711912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11801019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.856695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33708600                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33708600                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33708600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33708600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33708600                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33708600                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12331594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12331594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12331594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12331594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12331594                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12331594                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175311158308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 175311158308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175311158308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 175311158308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175311158308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 175311158308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46040194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46040194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46040194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46040194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46040194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46040194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14216.423141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14216.423141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14216.423141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14216.423141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14216.423141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14216.423141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       114576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        38192                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       530570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       530570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       530570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       530570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       530570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       530570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11801024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11801024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11801024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11801024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11801024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11801024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 126621442670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 126621442670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 126621442670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 126621442670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 126621442670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 126621442670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10729.699615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10729.699615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10729.699615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10729.699615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10729.699615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10729.699615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       152966                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        270435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       152982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.767757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087111582300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       270366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       270366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       270366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       270366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       270366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       270366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       153179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       153179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       153179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       153179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       153179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       153179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2654350440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2654350440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2654350440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2654350440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2654350440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2654350440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       423545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       423545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       423545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       423545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       423545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       423545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.361659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.361659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.361659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.361659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.361659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.361659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17328.422564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17328.422564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17328.422564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17328.422564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17328.422564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17328.422564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3288                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3288                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       153179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       153179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       153179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       153179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       153179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       153179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2183667788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2183667788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2183667788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2183667788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2183667788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2183667788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.361659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.361659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.361659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14255.660293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14255.660293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14255.660293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14255.660293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14255.660293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14255.660293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2561425                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        362067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2561441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.141353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086422247300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       362040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       362040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       362040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       362040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       362040                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       362040                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2562791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2562791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2562791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2562791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2562791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2562791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  39498780477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39498780477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  39498780477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39498780477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  39498780477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39498780477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2924831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2924831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2924831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2924831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2924831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2924831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15412.407987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15412.407987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15412.407987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15412.407987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15412.407987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15412.407987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2562791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2562791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2562791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2562791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2562791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2562791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31660267454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31660267454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31660267454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31660267454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31660267454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31660267454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12353.823411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12353.823411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12353.823411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12353.823411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12353.823411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12353.823411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3128781                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.981235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96964083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3129293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 30.985939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086304425300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.980800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     60116158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       60116158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36558949                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36558949                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96675107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96675107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96675107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96675107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3770579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3770579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1064329                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1064329                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4834908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       4834908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4834908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      4834908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89955226656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89955226656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33865938448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  33865938448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123821165104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 123821165104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123821165104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 123821165104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63886737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63886737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37623278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37623278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101510015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101510015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101510015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101510015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23857.138826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23857.138826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31819.050733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31819.050733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25609.828585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25609.828585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25609.828585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25609.828585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2137820                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2137820                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1439890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1439890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1448114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1448114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2330689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2330689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1056105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1056105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3386794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3386794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3386794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3386794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45702391607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45702391607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29961698031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29961698031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75664089638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75664089638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75664089638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75664089638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4755975494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4755975494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9125354170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9125354170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13881329664                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13881329664                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19608.961816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19608.961816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28369.999225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28369.999225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22340.918768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22340.918768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22340.918768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22340.918768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               782136577                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57136293                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57136293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7402810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48483432                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29407746                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    397568996                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             281950780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57136293                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29407746                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90569721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26063830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2138840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     154733878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       208708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       346244                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46040196                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5261902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          70368                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    663710122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.811339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.258246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       576105680     86.80%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6318326      0.95%     87.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4436364      0.67%     88.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6919983      1.04%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5373897      0.81%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6086044      0.92%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6093369      0.92%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4955016      0.75%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47421443      7.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    663710122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.073052                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.360488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       392880847                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    167025951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84088648                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1570978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18143698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     527672696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          436                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18143698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       397953885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       50315215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    105018997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80574229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11704098                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     511664209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        53571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        855554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7508696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22573                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    562838342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1288671262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1278223207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10448055                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    430868198                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       131970150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2923340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2955257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37518999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76740425                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46848239                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6573385                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4002563                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         489299555                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4080510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        461824093                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1100427                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     95454932                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    135441376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1196669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    663710122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.695822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    486213167     73.26%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61918940      9.33%     82.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41993138      6.33%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25738566      3.88%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20198574      3.04%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14062053      2.12%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8417999      1.27%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4250856      0.64%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       916829      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    663710122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         809691     30.30%     30.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       107244      4.01%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1038010     38.84%     73.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       717710     26.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3175719      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    339611487     73.54%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2914456      0.63%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72521923     15.70%     90.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43600508      9.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     461824093                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.590465                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2672655                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1584824997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    583623650                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    445557569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7209244                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5318755                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3275479                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     457672878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3648151                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6505853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16082769                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        88866                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       114030                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9152767                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        95459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18143698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       40663714                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       450237                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    493380065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4252821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76740425                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46848705                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3543327                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        167303                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        13792                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       114030                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3086500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5111609                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8198109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    454064293                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70519622                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7759801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113156951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45596325                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42637329                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.580543                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             449485688                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            448833048                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        288919275                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        449358481                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.573855                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642959                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    104987253                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2883842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7429294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    645931034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.600982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.560545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    514533456     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47813951      7.40%     87.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22492593      3.48%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23835054      3.69%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     12023831      1.86%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4990662      0.77%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3902973      0.60%     97.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3285721      0.51%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13052793      2.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    645931034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    206073740                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     388193162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              98353594                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60657656                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             425335                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40623555                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2571832                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        384426636                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13052793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1125470183                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1004534197                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5796919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              118426455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59289422272                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          206073740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            388193162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    206073740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.795421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.795421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.263475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.263475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       900881275                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      485931425                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5870682                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3093999                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      210022073                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2650628                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2518969                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1203816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2729145952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       452102570                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3185050563                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2729145952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2729145952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2191482                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    304374819                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       309527709                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            82013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       150477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        341143244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71657197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           413042838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45298260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45422174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             125925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          136431491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22600853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             159222410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     136431491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        136431491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15215863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15473459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            235478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         136431491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37816716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            174695869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1603705                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1276218                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15541                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18419                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11622                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18415                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1151751                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33960                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2879923                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1698                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  641361                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  510391                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           777                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           921                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9283                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073278081                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 254928636                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   482060002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           477700370                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2047461                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33013141                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  477700370                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2047461                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1220551454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        536285331                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3418183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1672576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   117025660                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71673749                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45351911                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59506831674.109344                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             566446406.890651                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009429                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990571                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
