
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43380                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22884066                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              882396143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433473243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        194444973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             194444973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        194444973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1076841116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      895                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.335179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971062961000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.335179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.520949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.520949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    157599888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157599888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158242888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    158242888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158242888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    158242888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42866.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42866.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175892.732143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175892.732143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1001800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10889.130435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       458100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       458100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146806300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146806300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147264400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147264400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163846.316964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163846.316964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161651.372119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           14                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           223                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1689.257208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              48                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.215247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           70.855666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.196261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.374846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1117.652066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    464.178446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.272864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.113325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.412416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             493                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  493                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205127695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86494441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295605708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28807551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28807551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205127695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115301992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324413259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3151105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205127695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115301992                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324413259                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.697890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.391559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.811594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.410403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.410403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105036.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102512.591204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104588.199516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102783.625869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102884.110714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102884.110714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105036.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102512.591204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104157.174345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102792.540875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105036.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92496.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102512.591204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104157.174345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102792.540875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2987005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194080233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81968129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279817905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27252151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27252151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2987005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194080233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109220280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307070056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2987005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194080233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109220280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307070056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243182                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243182                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.697890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.409233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99566.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96991.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99115.029021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97599.548308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97329.110714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97329.110714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99566.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96991.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98663.306233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97575.486495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99566.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96991.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98663.306233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97575.486495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1673.475839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.763981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.106263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.972327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1150.396369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    484.236975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.035107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.051070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     52                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     52                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2883405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186816950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78910939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269352132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26127297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26127297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2883405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186816950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105038236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295479429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2883405                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186816950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105038236                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295479429                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.981919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.983513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.983513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96113.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.609582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96823.238037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95379.650142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93983.082734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93983.082734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96113.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.609582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96100.856359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95254.490329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96113.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.609582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96100.856359                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95254.490329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159237548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67536974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229870599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22160273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22160273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159237548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89697247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252030872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159237548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89697247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252030872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.980659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82241.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81160.829766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82867.452761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81659.182593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79713.212230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79713.212230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82241.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81160.829766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82065.184812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.278047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82241.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81160.829766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82065.184812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.278047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3118                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.607288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.825850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066339300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.679027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.928261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.855329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288825314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288825314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288825314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    288825314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288825314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    288825314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67783.457874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67751.657049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67783.457874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67751.657049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67783.457874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67751.657049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225399283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225399283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225399283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225399283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225399283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225399283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62127.696527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62127.696527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62127.696527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           86                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.602454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           86                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.953488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.328695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.273759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.600153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2030079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2030079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2030079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2030079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2030079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2030079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.308917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.308917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21596.585106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.649485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21596.585106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.649485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21596.585106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.649485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1732364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1732364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1732364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1732364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1732364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1732364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18429.404255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18429.404255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18429.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2417                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.676072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.102193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.731699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.944373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.809023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30694623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30694623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30694623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30694623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30694623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30694623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.532099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.956843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.532099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.956843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.532099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.956843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23198705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23198705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23198705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23198705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23198705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23198705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9546.792181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9546.792181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9546.792181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1030                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               381.645754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   31229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 30.319417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.410558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   381.235196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.744600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.745402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20727                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20727                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2742                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2743                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203563038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203563038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32347947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32347947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235910985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235910985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235910985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235910985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85351.378616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85315.606873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90610.495798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90610.495798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86036.099562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86004.733868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86036.099562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86004.733868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          493                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              493                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93650056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93650056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29990247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29990247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123640303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123640303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123640303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123640303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78962.947723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78962.947723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86928.252174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86928.252174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80757.872632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  817320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49183                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35458                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21511                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                229246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.960665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.438367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386524     84.97%     84.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3048      0.67%     85.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2747      0.60%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3807      0.84%     87.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6157      1.35%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4088      0.90%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6391      1.40%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3376      0.74%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38748      8.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.060176                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.280485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          190335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          195726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        61252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12397                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          108                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       998036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       997946                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1349                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36424                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1137                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334736                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          955                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.735868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.506698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       332819     73.17%     73.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39545      8.69%     81.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25893      5.69%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19883      4.37%     91.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14798      3.25%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10809      2.38%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7958      1.75%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2677      0.59%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          504      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            897     50.65%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           446     25.18%     75.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          428     24.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4119      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259103     77.41%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44744     13.37%     92.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26760      7.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334736                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.409553                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1771                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1128626                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479443                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16252                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9379                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1739                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1845                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8496                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324758                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42503                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33779                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25658                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.397345                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208136                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339229                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.390765                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613556                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.582357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.549468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       349943     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30291      6.97%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16282      3.74%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13193      3.03%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8126      1.87%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3448      0.79%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2306      0.53%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2812      0.65%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8442      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133877                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33173                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27941                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              796771                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761575                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 362434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1922                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.105007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.105007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.163800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.163800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644819                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348457                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139737                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003923684701                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426463110                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49896                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3734983239                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4586272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5355.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138604744                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267234260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           611456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        11968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       462912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1437952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3590208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       462912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         462912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1831424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1831424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        71883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        71883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28953                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.960767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.298571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.956494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.934781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34974                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            51225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           51225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    650961185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662147185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2929780920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1197754000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4127534920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940966920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1848715185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4789682105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940966920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1848715185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4789682105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          54296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         54296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43023.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40707.972297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40745.011692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176068.564904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65329.660740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118017.239092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174021.711243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53859.145958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93502.822938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174021.711243                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53859.145958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93502.822938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21533000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11441.551541                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7955400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    452239400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460194800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2729231392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    970842800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3700074192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2737186792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1423082200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4160268992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2737186792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1423082200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4160268992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30597.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28280.870490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28317.937358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164016.309615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52953.136250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105794.996054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161963.715503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41459.058995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81215.597696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161963.715503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41459.058995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81215.597696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        328784                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4015.345217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         5070675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        332826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         15.235213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          641.336233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.020184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.896697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.048918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2467.111532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    880.931365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.156576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.602322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.215071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       726468                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3528746                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       410952                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4695475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          391512                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               391512                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15226                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               15226                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       141791                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               141791                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       726468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3528746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       552743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4837266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       726468                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3528746                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       552743                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4837266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       201042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       103053                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               306474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              28739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       201042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       131792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                335213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       201042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       131792                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               335213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     55346924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17186286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4884194708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3654467177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8611195095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    338943057                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    338943057                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1740937032                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1740937032                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     55346924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17186286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4884194708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5395404209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10352132127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     55346924                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17186286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4884194708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5395404209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10352132127                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3729788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       514005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            5001949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       391512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           391512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       170530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           170530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3729788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       684535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5172479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        29805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3729788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       684535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5172479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.200490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.061271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.482549                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.482549                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.168528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29392.949549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34649.770161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24294.399717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35462.016409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28097.636651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23870.910416                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23870.910416                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60577.509030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60577.509030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29392.949549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34649.770161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24294.399717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40938.783909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30882.251366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29392.949549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34649.770161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24294.399717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40938.783909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30882.251366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               56128                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    56128                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       201041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       103022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          306442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14199                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14199                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       201041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       131761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           335181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       201041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       131761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          335181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45236342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14440933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3735937354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3079897820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6875512449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    939193228                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939193228                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1580432842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1580432842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45236342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14440933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3735937354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4660330662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8455945291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45236342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14440933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3735937354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4660330662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8455945291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3405595863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3405595863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4961115339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4961115339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8366711202                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8366711202                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.200430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.482549                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482549                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.064801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.016642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24023.548593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29114.784274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18582.962450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29895.535128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22436.586529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66145.026269                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66145.026269                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54992.617767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54992.617767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24023.548593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29114.784274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18582.962450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35369.575686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25227.997085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24023.548593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29114.784274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18582.962450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35369.575686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25227.997085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6283                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29897.356604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          314816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.563160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10040.524360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.004338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.418391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   149.453119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    57.760441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8702.959020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10941.236935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.306412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.265593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.912395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       193807                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        74525                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 270445                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           56128                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                56128                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                13606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       193807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        88131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  284051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1696                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       193807                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        88131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 284051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28497                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16398                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16398                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12864                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12864                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48861                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7387862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    677237187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1699207423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2401377965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263331852                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263331852                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1106657534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1106657534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7387862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    677237187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2805864957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3508035499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545493                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7387862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    677237187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2805864957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3508035499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       201041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       103022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             306442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        56128                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            56128                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16468                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16468                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            26470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       201041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       129492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              332912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       201041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       129492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             332912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.099310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.276611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.117468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995749                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.995749                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.485984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.099310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.146769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.099310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.146769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93826.165775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93517.240506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93618.632430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59627.589676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66710.502681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16058.778632                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16058.778632                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86027.482432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86027.482432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93826.165775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93517.240506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93618.632430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67838.421629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71796.228055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93826.165775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93517.240506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93618.632430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67838.421629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71796.228055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16398                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16398                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14928552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6281804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    575305518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1298462569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894978443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    873987676                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873987676                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    922285605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922285605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14928552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6281804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    575305518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2220748174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2817264048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14928552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6281804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    575305518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2220748174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2817264048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3035418938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3035418938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4408961447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4408961447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7444380385                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7444380385                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.099310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.276611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995749                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995749                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.099310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.146769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.099310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.828877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79516.506329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79527.995300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45564.886444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52642.676973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53298.431272                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53298.431272                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71695.087453                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71695.087453                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.828877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79516.506329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79527.995300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53691.839511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57658.747222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79831.828877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79516.506329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79527.995300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53691.839511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57658.747222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       300156                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       377615                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3651                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2505                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3646                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7983                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      677771                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   120039                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   151016                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            217                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            183                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7762                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3729789                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9954930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3730301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.668667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9947245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9947245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9947245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9947245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9947245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9947245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3881066                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3881066                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3881066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3881066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3881066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3881066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48508829791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48508829791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48508829791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48508829791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48508829791                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48508829791                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13828311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13828311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13828311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13828311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13828311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13828311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.280661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.280661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.280661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12498.841759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12498.841759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12498.841759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12498.841759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12498.841759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12498.841759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        90399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 45199.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       151269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       151269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3729797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3729797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3729797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3729797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3729797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3729797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33700074341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33700074341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33700074341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33700074341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33700074341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33700074341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9035.364214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9035.364214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9035.364214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9035.364214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9035.364214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9035.364214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        29856                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         69662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        29872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.332017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972566807300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        69301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        69301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        69301                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30058                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        30058                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        30058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        30058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554881872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    554881872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554881872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    554881872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554881872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    554881872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        99359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        99359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.302519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.302519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.302519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18460.372347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18460.372347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18460.372347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18460.372347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18460.372347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18460.372347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    463223165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    463223165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    463223165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463223165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    463223165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463223165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.302519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15410.977610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15410.977610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15410.977610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15410.977610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15410.977610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15410.977610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       728670                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         43579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       728686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.059805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        43188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        43188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        43188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       728911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       728911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       728911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11527698175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11527698175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11527698175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11527698175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11527698175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11527698175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       772099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       772099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       772099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       772099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       772099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       772099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.944064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.944064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15814.959817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15814.959817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15814.959817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15814.959817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15814.959817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15814.959817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          295                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          295                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       728911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       728911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       728911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9302752565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9302752565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9302752565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9302752565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9302752565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9302752565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12762.535570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12762.535570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12762.535570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12762.535570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12762.535570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12762.535570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                675783                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.986564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29164854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                676295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.124456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.986564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18239162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18239162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10870256                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10870256                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29109418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29109418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29109418                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29109418                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       791022                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       791022                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       200425                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       200425                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       991447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        991447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       991447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       991447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19169515973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19169515973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5555372691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5555372691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24724888664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24724888664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24724888664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24724888664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19030184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19030184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11070681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11070681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30100865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30100865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30100865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30100865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24233.859454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24233.859454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27717.962784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27717.962784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24938.184960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24938.184960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24938.184960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24938.184960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       391166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           391166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       276583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       276583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       277677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       277677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       277677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       277677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       514439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       514439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       199331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       199331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       713770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       713770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       713770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       713770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9686551525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9686551525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4834514122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4834514122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14521065647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14521065647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14521065647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14521065647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3553435235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3553435235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5166144549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5166144549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8719579784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8719579784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18829.349107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18829.349107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24253.699234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24253.699234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20344.180404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20344.180404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20344.180404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20344.180404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               231135817                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17570938                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17570938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2410606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15135731                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9070966                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    116688811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83613498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17570938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9070966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28009247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8073830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            400129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      50793317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       162593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       113898                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13828312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1663441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          19498                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    201684388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.811279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.251593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       174486498     86.51%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2597741      1.29%     87.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1276363      0.63%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2034833      1.01%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1698405      0.84%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1931133      0.96%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1951311      0.97%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1454576      0.72%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14253528      7.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    201684388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076020                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.361751                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       115019709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     54632735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26038210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       477371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5516363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     160036645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          227                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5516363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       116589755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7367183                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44569414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24949540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2692133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     155062814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        16460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        168962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1337432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5266                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170583852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    386838481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    383962229                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2876252                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    130700140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39883816                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1030369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1052940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10239173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22835793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13773743                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1731127                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1024823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         147935427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1311615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        139957429                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       316958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28378340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39626611                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       343376                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    201684388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.693943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    148117079     73.44%     73.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18607224      9.23%     82.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12422017      6.16%     88.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8007283      3.97%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6096567      3.02%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4266439      2.12%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2677224      1.33%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1221925      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       268630      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    201684388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         278541     33.94%     33.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        28277      3.45%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        303837     37.02%     74.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       209975     25.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1229853      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103497784     73.95%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       768734      0.55%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21612604     15.44%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12848454      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     139957429                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.605520                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             820630                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481061525                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176187742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134988438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1922607                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1461350                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       873274                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     138578171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         970035                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1917644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4795979                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        31022                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        24540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2666014                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46299                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5516363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5967536                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        71101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149247042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1318589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22835793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13773743                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1183990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         24671                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         5909                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        24540                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       949167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1746289                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2695456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137503322                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     21015183                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2454107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33579448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13905472                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12564265                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.594903                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             136101931                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135861712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87509060                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        135828408                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.587800                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644262                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31522916                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       968239                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2417075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    196270936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.598875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.531167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    155642544     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14638361      7.46%     86.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7365895      3.75%     90.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7482587      3.81%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3753362      1.91%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1602280      0.82%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1256687      0.64%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1074822      0.55%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3454398      1.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    196270936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     61032668                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     117541820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29147557                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18039825                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             101532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12291574                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            697469                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        116397394                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3454398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           341606331                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          303660106                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1672680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               29451429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59839030682                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           61032668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            117541820                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     61032668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.787084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.787084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.264055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.264055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       270481322                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      147219596                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1554937                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          823465                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63337457                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        986703                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          592735                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       258680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       816142712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       139188656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          956253991                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    816142712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     816142712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       515276                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92617179                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        96093863                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        102017839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21855684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123934040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13602928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13667444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40799131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6958068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47803321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40799131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40799131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4629951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4803751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             55390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40799131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11588018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52607072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      377615                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      300156                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3651                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4332                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2731                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4327                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7983                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     677771                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  151016                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  120039                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           183                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           217                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6859                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072371106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76488532                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   147763862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           146529972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               486964                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10018852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  146529972                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      486964                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         374874055                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        165770115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             811908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            396903                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35512771                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21875948                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13636823                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59899594758.747704                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             172776347.252298                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
