
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 302440                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   539324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187975368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466302                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        76992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        39808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        76992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    265648846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    137351274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              467921782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    265648846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         266090490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    265648846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    137351274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             520919058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.857092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083018468000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.857092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.553568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.553568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     46189968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46189968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     46314968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     46314968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     46314968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     46314968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180429.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180429.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178822.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178822.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178822.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178822.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       309300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9665.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        87600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43107784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43107784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43195384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43195384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43195384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43195384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168389.781250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168389.781250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166777.544402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166777.544402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166777.544402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166777.544402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            11                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1342.241758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              24                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            11                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.181818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           32.462026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.192958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.852935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.393789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    898.515938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    377.824178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.007925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.092242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.327696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1206                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             138                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  138                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1714                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1863                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2205530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126076666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52951356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      181841072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13103749                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13103749                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2205530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126076666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66055105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       194944821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2205530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126076666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66055105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      194944821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          138                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              138                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.793536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.505975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.869863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.793536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.520828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.793536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.520828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105025.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101253.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104801.883624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106972.436364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104747.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103179.125984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103179.125984                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105025.238095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101253.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104801.883624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106197.918006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104640.268921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105025.238095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101253.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104801.883624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106197.918006                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104640.268921                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2090630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119449966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50251956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172366472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12398549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12398549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2090630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119449966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62650505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184765021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2090630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119449966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62650505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184765021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2056585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2056585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2693175                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2693175                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.793536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.502769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.793536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.517752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.793536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99553.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95653.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99293.404821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101519.103030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99922.592464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97626.370079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97626.370079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99553.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95653.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99293.404821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100724.284566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99765.130130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99553.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95653.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99293.404821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100724.284566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99765.130130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1322.799371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.853951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.592322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    900.321444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    387.031752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1863                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2017230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115351207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48506465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      166429022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     11972578                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11972578                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2017230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115351207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60479043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       178401600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2017230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115351207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60479043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      178401600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96058.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92353.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95886.290108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97992.858586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95869.252304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94272.267717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94272.267717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96058.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92353.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95886.290108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97233.188103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95760.386473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96058.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92353.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95886.290108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97233.188103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95760.386473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1725340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98471213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     41621545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142288498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10165313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10165313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1725340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98471213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51786858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152453811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1725340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98471213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51786858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152453811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82159.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81854.707398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84083.929293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82486.085797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80041.834646                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80041.834646                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82159.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81854.707398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83258.614148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82318.472462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82159.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81854.707398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83258.614148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82318.472462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 69                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          8                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1040                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               411.321805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.395192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.423924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   410.897881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.802535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.803363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12776                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12776                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1835                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1835                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165653515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165653515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165653515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165653515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165653515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165653515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90274.395095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90176.110506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90274.395095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90176.110506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90274.395095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90176.110506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130812320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130812320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130812320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130812320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130812320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130812320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86287.810026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.810026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86287.810026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.810026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86287.810026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.810026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           94                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.264791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            56                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.595745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.317340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.947451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.621716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.641549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          151                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          151                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1969371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1969371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1969371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1969371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1969371                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1969371                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.403162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.410156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.403162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.410156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.403162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.410156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19307.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18755.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19307.558824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18755.914286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19307.558824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18755.914286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1650928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1650928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1650928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1650928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1650928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1650928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.403162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.403162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.403162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16185.568627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16185.568627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16185.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16185.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16185.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16185.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1216                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.341500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.102796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.051971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.289529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.065748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.830596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.896344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          157                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1231                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1231                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14600550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14600550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14600550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     14600550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14600550                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     14600550                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11899.388753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11860.722989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11899.388753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11860.722989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11899.388753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11860.722989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10810241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10810241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10810241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10810241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10810241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10810241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.886561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8810.302363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.302363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8810.302363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.302363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8810.302363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.302363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   318                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               332.896564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   14457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 45.462264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.191627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   331.704937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.647861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.650189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14527                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7984                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7984                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22505                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          148                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95078634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95078634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14189831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14189831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109268465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    109268465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109268465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    109268465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93123.049951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92940.991202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95877.236486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95877.236486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93471.740804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93312.096499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93471.740804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93312.096499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          138                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              138                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     54975006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54975006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13499698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13499698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68474704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68474704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68474704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68474704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2133285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2133285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2797475                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2797475                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95608.706087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95608.706087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92463.684932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92463.684932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94971.850208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94971.850208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94971.850208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94971.850208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  408482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21818                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21818                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14630                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            7952                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        88561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 98507                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         7952                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                29918                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         59354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          345                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             23                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       189899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.004302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.507098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          160769     84.66%     84.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1155      0.61%     85.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1194      0.63%     85.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1602      0.84%     86.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2146      1.13%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1539      0.81%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2166      1.14%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1532      0.81%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17796      9.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       189899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           86626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        65271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        181703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           89144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          36175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        23992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5153                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        170978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          1057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       184448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       430113                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       430113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107743                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           76688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          528                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          531                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            155693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           138293                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        54370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        79822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       189899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.728245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.512873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       140484     73.98%     73.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15399      8.11%     82.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10322      5.44%     87.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8071      4.25%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6383      3.36%     95.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4478      2.36%     97.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3445      1.81%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1091      0.57%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          226      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       189899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            255     47.13%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           136     25.14%     72.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          150     27.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2120      1.53%      1.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       106575     77.06%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18794     13.59%     92.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10804      7.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        138293                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338553                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                541                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.003912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       468295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       211004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       130709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        136714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2074                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8268                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4473                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           14                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          30201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       156557                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4184                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       133460                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17674                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               27934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13870                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10260                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326722                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                131098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               130709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84600                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           140784                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319987                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600921                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        58810                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       179780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.493014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       146573     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12088      6.72%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6363      3.54%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4928      2.74%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3323      1.85%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1392      0.77%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          965      0.54%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1079      0.60%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3069      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       179780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50657                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21044                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12899                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10978                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              333194                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             323412                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1079                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 218583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97745                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.063683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.063683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124013                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124013                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          262566                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         139367                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          57775                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782722804                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254432534                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 118217                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   223132                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5084095336                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4565112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3934.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   465134663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     877930107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2600384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        30528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       661696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7964032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12199104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       661696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         661696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8865536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8865536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       124438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               190611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         138524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              138524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              129995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        33079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       398126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 609840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        33079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             33079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           443193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                443193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           443193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             129995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        33079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       398126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1053033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    91877                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.848190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    91892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.445632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.843343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10953                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10953                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4634                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4634                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        69315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           69543                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        75464                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          90056                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        144779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           159599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       144779                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          159599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2808329054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2818008054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2568851176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5076865000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7645716176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2578530176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7885194054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10463724230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2578530176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7885194054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10463724230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        80268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         80496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        80098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       160366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         175186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       160366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        175186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.911026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.911026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42451.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40515.459194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40521.807428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176045.173794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67275.323333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84899.575553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173989.890418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54463.658776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65562.592685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173989.890418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54463.658776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65562.592685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18675300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1650                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11318.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55798                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55798                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        69315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        75464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        90056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       144779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       159599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       144779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       159599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      6875100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1944883890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951758990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2392983100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4145269202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6538252302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2399858200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6090153092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8490011292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2399858200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6090153092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8490011292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942146                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30153.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28058.629301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28065.498900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163992.811129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54930.419829                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72602.073177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161933.751687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42065.168926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53195.892781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161933.751687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42065.168926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53195.892781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1599124                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4023.303817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        18999278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1603161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         11.851135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1150.882166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    43.619344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    21.050996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2175.419988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    631.329360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.280977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.531108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.154133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2694457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       252851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11077448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2523072                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               16547828                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2737245                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2737245                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       107958                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              107958                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       606122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               606122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2694457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       252851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11077448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3129194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                17153950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2694457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       252851                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11077448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3129194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               17153950                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4987                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       803926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       490097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1320715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31804                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31804                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       299158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             299158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       803926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       789255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1619873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4987                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       803926                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       789255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1619873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    501144946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    119463428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18302795273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14424327587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    33347731234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1068081071                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1068081071                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17159712859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  17159712859                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    501144946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    119463428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18302795273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31584040446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     50507444093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    501144946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    119463428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18302795273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31584040446                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    50507444093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2716162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       257838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11881374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3013169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17868543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2737245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2737245                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       139762                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139762                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       905280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           905280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2716162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       257838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11881374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3918449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18773823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2716162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       257838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11881374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3918449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18773823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.227558                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.227558                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330459                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.330459                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.201420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.086284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.201420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.086284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23088.917116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23954.968518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22766.766186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29431.576988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25249.755802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33583.230757                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33583.230757                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57360.033357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57360.033357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23088.917116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23954.968518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22766.766186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40017.536089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31179.878974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23088.917116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23954.968518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22766.766186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40017.536089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31179.878974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              512116                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   512116                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       803911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       490060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1320662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31804                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        31804                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        299158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       803911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       789218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1619820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       803911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       789218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1619820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    384896400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91953032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13727848007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11698657638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25903355077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1763074719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763074719                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15479107381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15479107381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    384896400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91953032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13727848007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27177765019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41382462458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    384896400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91953032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13727848007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27177765019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41382462458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4550587564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4550587564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8814525635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8814525635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13365113199                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13365113199                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.227558                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227558                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.201411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.086281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.201411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17733.075328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18442.244685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17076.328110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23871.888418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19613.917170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55435.628191                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55435.628191                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51742.247846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51742.247846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17733.075328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18442.244685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17076.328110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34436.321801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25547.568531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17733.075328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18442.244685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17076.328110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34436.321801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25547.568531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        106770                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31993.180095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1645167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        138980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.837437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21693.125556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.046264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.090665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.207284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   118.596336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.568320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4275.463684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5856.081349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.662022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.130477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.178713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.976354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4852                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       793571                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       403975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1223626                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          512116                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               512116                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          494                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 494                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       157274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               157274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       793571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       561249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1380900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4852                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       793571                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       561249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1380900                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                97036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54095                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54095                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       119099                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             119099                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       205184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                216135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10340                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       205184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               216135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44430193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12525748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    967838143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4542652116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5567446200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    821444199                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    821444199                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10470791988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10470791988                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44430193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12525748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    967838143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15013444104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     16038238188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44430193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12525748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    967838143                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15013444104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    16038238188                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       803911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       490060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1320662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       512116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           512116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54589                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54589                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       276373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           276373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       803911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       766433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1597035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       803911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       766433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1597035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.990951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.430936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.430936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.135335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.135335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93145.058700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93475.731343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.367795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52769.380450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57375.058741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15185.214881                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15185.214881                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87916.707848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87916.707848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93145.058700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93475.731343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.367795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73170.637594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74204.724769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93145.058700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93475.731343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.367795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73170.637594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74204.724769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               82726                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    82726                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        86085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54095                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54095                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       119099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        119099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       205184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           216135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       205184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          216135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37751380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10645014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    822073945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3332834488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4203304827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2977803868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2977803868                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8752647663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8752647663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37751380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10645014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    822073945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12085482151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12955952490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37751380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10645014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    822073945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12085482151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12955952490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4056354218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4056354218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7852284303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7852284303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11908638521                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11908638521                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990951                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990951                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.430936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.135335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79143.354298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79440.402985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79504.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38715.623953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43316.963055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55047.672946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55047.672946                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73490.521860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73490.521860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79143.354298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79440.402985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79504.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58900.704495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59943.796655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79143.354298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79440.402985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79504.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58900.704495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59943.796655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1284702                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1617087                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18540                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15679                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10744                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15674                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1160496                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     34219                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2901789                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1711                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   513784                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   646712                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            927                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            784                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10187                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11881369                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.983776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                34249712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11881881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.882516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5086347318000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.983776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34246695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34246695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34246695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        34246695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34246695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       34246695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12401529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12401529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12401529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12401529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12401529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12401529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 169146349815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 169146349815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 169146349815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 169146349815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 169146349815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 169146349815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46648224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46648224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46648224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46648224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46648224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46648224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.265852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.265852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.265852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13639.152867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13639.152867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13639.152867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13639.152867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13639.152867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13639.152867                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        96573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        32191                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       519976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       519976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       519976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       519976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       519976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       519976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11881553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11881553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11881553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11881553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11881553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11881553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121425317758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 121425317758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121425317758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 121425317758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121425317758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 121425317758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10219.650391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10219.650391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10219.650391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10219.650391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10219.650391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10219.650391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       258040                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        279949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       258056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.084838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087114698300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       279854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       279854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       279854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       279854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       279854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       279854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       258253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       258253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       258253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4484983075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4484983075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4484983075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4484983075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4484983075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4484983075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       538107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       538107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       538107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       538107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       538107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       538107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.479929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.479929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.479929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17366.625267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17366.625267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17366.625267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17366.625267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17366.625267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17366.625267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4344                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4344                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       258253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       258253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       258253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       258253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3694244147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694244147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3694244147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694244147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3694244147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694244147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14304.748239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14304.748239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14304.748239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14304.748239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14304.748239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14304.748239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2717936                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        365432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2717952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.134451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086421308300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365398                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       365398                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       365398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365398                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       365398                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2719296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2719296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2719296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2719296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2719296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2719296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  45541554179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45541554179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  45541554179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45541554179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  45541554179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45541554179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3084694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3084694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3084694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16747.553109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16747.553109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16747.553109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16747.553109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16747.553109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16747.553109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7312                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7312                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2719296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2719296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2719296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2719296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2719296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2719296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  37256947913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37256947913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  37256947913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37256947913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  37256947913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37256947913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13700.953450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13700.953450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13700.953450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13700.953450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13700.953450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13700.953450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3886842                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.371379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96855297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3887351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.915501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086494446300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.371235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59860490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59860490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36816999                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36816999                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96677489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96677489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96677489                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96677489                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4783968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4783968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1053139                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1053139                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5837107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5837107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5837107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5837107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104112298212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 104112298212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33047719678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  33047719678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 137160017890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 137160017890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 137160017890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 137160017890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64644458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64644458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37870138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37870138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102514596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102514596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102514596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    102514596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21762.749712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21762.749712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31380.206865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31380.206865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23497.944768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23497.944768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23497.944768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23497.944768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2725589                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2725589                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1765195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1765195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        15965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        15965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1781160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1781160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1781160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1781160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3018773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3018773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1037174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1037174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4055947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4055947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4055947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4055947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52574829239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52574829239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29092656669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29092656669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81667485908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81667485908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81667485908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81667485908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4750321011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4750321011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9177494393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9177494393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13927815404                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13927815404                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027388                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027388                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17415.959809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17415.959809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28049.928622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28049.928622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20135.244841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20135.244841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20135.244841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20135.244841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               769599003                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        58049197                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     58049197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7536178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     49119677                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29862357                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    401722037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             286703537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           58049197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29862357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91876399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26999409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2680141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     152393650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       204141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       327272                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46648226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5387384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         109148                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    668127494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.268078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       579240440     86.70%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6260262      0.94%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4489220      0.67%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         7051272      1.06%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5426542      0.81%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6168851      0.92%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6254650      0.94%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         5046558      0.76%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        48189699      7.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    668127494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.372536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       394448100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    167845914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         85316997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1592666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18923817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     536132536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          361                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18923817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       399593921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       49799814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    106228448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81752255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11829239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     519880814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        50131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        881735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7576267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        19211                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    571529795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1309170725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1298729311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10441414                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    433815341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       137714460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2942925                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2960235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         38155931                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     78027842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47634163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      7084756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4217190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         496895440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4098440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        467785557                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1199187                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    100417094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    141684876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1195847                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    668127494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.700144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.445928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    487933039     73.03%     73.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63007908      9.43%     82.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42759403      6.40%     88.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     26082869      3.90%     92.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20449156      3.06%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14204458      2.13%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8547225      1.28%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4239516      0.63%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       903920      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    668127494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         762437     29.25%     29.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        97764      3.75%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1026664     39.39%     72.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       719499     27.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3188461      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    344073026     73.55%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2740048      0.59%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73575187     15.73%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     44208835      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     467785557                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.607830                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2606364                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005572                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1601553330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    596132577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    451447603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6905396                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5404958                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3141682                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     463737891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3465569                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6754918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16947986                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        84332                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       130453                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9691054                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       102857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18923817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       40333433                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       460356                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    500993880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4289865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     78027842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47634272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3570010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        181227                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        15803                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       130453                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3149976                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5186592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8336568                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    459982084                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     71531958                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7803474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           114739721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        46145000                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          43207763                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.597691                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             455268385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            454589285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        293284316                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        456795623                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.590683                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642047                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    109947342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2902594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7563581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    649570613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.601704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.574289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    518962019     79.89%     79.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47257166      7.28%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22023194      3.39%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23519219      3.62%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11945294      1.84%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4901981      0.75%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3886430      0.60%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3224411      0.50%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13850899      2.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    649570613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    207485705                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     390848941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              99023074                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             61079856                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             428636                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40902835                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2591322                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        387055252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13850899                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1135925743                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1020553436                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5832959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              101471509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59301945521                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          207485705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            390848941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    207485705                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.709166                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.709166                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.269602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.269602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       911870176                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      492054005                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5611509                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2961911                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      212928134                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2667155                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2539535                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1217880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2748702784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       455322217                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3207861640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2748702784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2748702784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2207150                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    306488245                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       311656803                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            82642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       152235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        343587848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         72164625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           415997253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           78151                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45615607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45740030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             126953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          137409150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22761806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             160362752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     137409150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        137409150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            110337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15321514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15579893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            237289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         137409150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          38083320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            175942645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1617087                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1284702                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15679                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18540                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11717                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18536                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1160496                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    34219                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2901789                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1711                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  646712                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  513784                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           784                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           927                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9285                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073291577                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 256762285                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   485507699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           481120433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2061000                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33254869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  481120433                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2061000                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1229270056                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        540102130                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3440606                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1683473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   117852456                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  72182237                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45670219                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59502800960.963516                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             570490616.036484                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
