
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  72411                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40049525                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      527344                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        938767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426783638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    226008816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              972496188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426783638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427441916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426783638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    226008816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1277937229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.509074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367752000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.509074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249707824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249707824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250627824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250627824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250627824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250627824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177349.306818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177349.306818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1917200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11082.080925                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       651800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       651800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232742100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232742100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233393900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233393900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233393900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233393900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29627.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29627.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165299.786932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165299.786932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1464.829825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.763424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           73.821825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.202408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.795083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.143132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.073859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.268297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.235231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    980.265650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.024338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.239323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.092779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.357624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4540                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3356435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211332448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86740805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      302117638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24289973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24289973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3356435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211332448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111030778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       326407611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3356435                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211332448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111030778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      326407611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          325                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.428809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.746177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.441574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.441574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83910.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76438.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88869.826745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95529.520925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90292.181112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100371.789256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99549.069672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83910.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76438.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88869.826745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96548.502609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90921.340111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83910.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76438.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88869.826745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96548.502609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90921.340111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3138677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198126764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81759583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283663237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22946354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22946354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3138677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198126764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104705937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306609591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3138677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198126764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104705937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306609591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7500609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7500609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11317906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11317906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.439975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78466.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70912.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83316.553406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90043.593612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85056.442879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94819.644628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94819.644628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78466.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70912.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83316.553406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91048.640870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85716.967011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78466.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70912.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83316.553406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91048.640870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85716.967011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1813.118338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.509232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.257655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.240935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1244.748858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    516.361752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              68                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   68                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184629604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77108135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265195029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21847038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21847038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184629604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98955173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287042067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184629604                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98955173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287042067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           68                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               68                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.833831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.966942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.842809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.842809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96149.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95468.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.246272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96626.735589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95051.981720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94168.267241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93363.410256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96149.233333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.246272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96072.983495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.318452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96149.233333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.246272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96072.983495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.318452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2469277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157290044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     65968604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226216938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18546826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18546826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2469277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157290044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84515430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244763764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2469277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157290044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84515430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244763764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81502.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80868.917224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82667.423559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81402.280677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79943.215517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79943.215517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81502.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80868.917224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82053.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.858519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81502.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80868.917224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82053.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.858519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3501                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.060894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.401028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.254191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.806703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.853138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298996329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298996329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298996329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298996329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298996329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298996329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63643.322478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63602.707722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63643.322478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63602.707722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63643.322478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63602.707722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233683515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233683515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233683515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233683515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233683515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233683515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58289.726865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58289.726865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.427294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.542056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.259089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.168205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.635513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.651706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2316939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2316939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2316939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2316939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2316939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2316939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19973.612069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19470.075630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19973.612069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19470.075630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19973.612069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19470.075630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1956600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1956600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1956600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16867.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16867.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2329                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.865115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.088879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.819080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          323                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2345                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30825233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30825233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30825233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30825233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30825233                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30825233                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13178.808465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13145.088699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13178.808465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13145.088699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13178.808465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13145.088699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23641854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23641854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23641854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23641854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23641854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23641854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10107.675930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.675930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1168                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               361.999013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.928082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.817903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   361.181110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.705432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.707029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15332                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43918                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2525                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2876                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194636194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194636194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27791361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27791361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222427555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222427555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222427555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222427555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77083.641188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77022.633162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80090.377522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79631.406877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77446.920265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77339.205494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77446.920265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77339.205494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94174600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94174600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25613338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25613338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119787938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119787938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119787938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119787938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11775371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11775371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70914.608434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70914.608434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76457.725373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76457.725373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           40723                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        40723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30462                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16343                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       177772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                192252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              40723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                57039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        147108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          788                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26972                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             45                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.888347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.361307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          347544     86.15%     86.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2703      0.67%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2074      0.51%     87.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2849      0.71%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4493      1.11%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4071      1.01%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5428      1.35%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2094      0.52%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32180      7.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.246944                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       154504                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            50797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        345033                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          82843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        59648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        328205                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       361957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       816683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       816593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       226343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          135581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            31404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24051                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            305262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           272852                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        98853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       144306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.676320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       302432     74.96%     74.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33475      8.30%     83.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20929      5.19%     88.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17298      4.29%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12015      2.98%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8972      2.22%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5906      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2003      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          406      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            675     48.01%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           390     27.74%     75.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          341     24.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2987      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       211850     77.64%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37327     13.68%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20678      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        272852                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.350473                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1406                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       952907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       405902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       260153                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        271257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4303                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15323                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8321                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          71654                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       306950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24051                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1264                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           524                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       265124                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35493                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27538                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19694                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.340547                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                260968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               260162                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           171557                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           272060                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.334173                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630585                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       106711                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          830                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       385212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.474758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       318208     82.61%     82.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24196      6.28%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12314      3.20%     92.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10372      2.69%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6152      1.60%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3378      0.88%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1762      0.46%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2424      0.63%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6406      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       385212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       109017                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        200226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42469                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                26745                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22464                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           198377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              685604                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             632311                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97328                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             109017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               200226                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       109017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.141317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.141317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          514978                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         285008                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         115002                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           668                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097457                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97457178267                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099290142453                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26560                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28813782                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3382.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89832866                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163844860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1130496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6037312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19365504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28368192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6037312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6037312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11844608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11844608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        94333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       302586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               443253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16937572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11599925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1089463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     61948356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    198707826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              291083659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61948356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          61948356                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        121536537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             121536537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        121536537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16937572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11599925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1089463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     61948356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    198707826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             412620196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44897                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.855731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.625600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.230131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.289100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.639383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             58                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                58                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43599                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19835                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46160                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125776220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142972220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4570763760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1699630000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6270393760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4587959760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1825406220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6413365980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4587959760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1825406220                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6413365980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.978976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42459.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58337.764378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55826.716127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176341.194444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96138.356242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143819.669258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174281.472365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92029.554827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138937.737868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174281.472365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92029.554827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138937.737868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32847300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2957                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11108.319242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42968                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42968                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12220500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     99123949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111344449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4258397236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1486204000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5744601236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4270617736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585327949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5855945685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4270617736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585327949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5855945685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30174.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45975.857607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43476.942210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164290.016821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84066.067085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131759.931099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162226.694625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79925.785178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126861.908254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162226.694625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79925.785178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126861.908254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1502152                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3326.352250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2510933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1505186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.668188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          684.479861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.001341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    73.215363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.192421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1409.882269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1127.580996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.167109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.344210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.275288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.812098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       366619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       624890                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       773171                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1811332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          926445                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               926445                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44906                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               44906                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        71176                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                71176                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       366619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       624890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       844347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1882508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       366619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       624890                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       844347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1882508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34864                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       537904                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1271390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4865                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4865                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       185901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             185901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       723805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1457291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34864                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18918                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679704                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       723805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1457291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    914779758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    520417889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22610493636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27783268472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    51828959755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201630873                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    201630873                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13246517867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13246517867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    914779758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    520417889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22610493636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41029786339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     65075477622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    914779758                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    520417889                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22610493636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41029786339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    65075477622                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1304594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1311075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3082722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       926445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           926445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49771                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           49771                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       257077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           257077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1304594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1568152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3339799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1304594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1568152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3339799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.412424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097748                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.097748                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.723134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.436341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.436341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26238.519906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27509.138862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33265.206084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51650.979491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40765.587078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41445.194861                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41445.194861                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71255.764450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71255.764450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26238.519906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27509.138862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33265.206084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56686.243310                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44655.101570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26238.519906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27509.138862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33265.206084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56686.243310                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44655.101570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              387932                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   387932                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                91                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       537899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1271299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4865                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4865                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       185901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        185901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       723800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1457200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       723800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1457200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    724358528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    415785280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18767261167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24801832684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44709237659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308605318                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308605318                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12209463818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12209463818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    724358528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    415785280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18767261167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37011296502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56918701477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    724358528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    415785280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18767261167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37011296502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56918701477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    258570969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    258570969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    416682211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    416682211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    675253180                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    675253180                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097748                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097748                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.436314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.086773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20792.196108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22041.204411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27611.176091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46108.716848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35168.152936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63433.775540                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63433.775540                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65677.235830                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65677.235830                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20792.196108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22041.204411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27611.176091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51134.700887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39060.322177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20792.196108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22041.204411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27611.176091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51134.700887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39060.322177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        372696                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30808.522719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1260392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        404936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.112571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8664.348871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.132606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.159611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.231589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.620184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    90.613418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9589.668087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12312.748353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.264415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.292653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.375755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.940201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17645                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       585362                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       345756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 981942                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          387932                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               387932                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1629                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1629                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        73288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                73288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       585362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       419044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1055230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       585362                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       419044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1055230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94336                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       192143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               289357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3648                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3648                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       304344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                401558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94336                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       304344                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               401558                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155442758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    114302045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8819919300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17925440213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27015104316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125062929                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    125062929                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10607194296                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10607194296                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155442758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    114302045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8819919300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28532634509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37622298612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    155442758                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    114302045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8819919300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28532634509                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37622298612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       679698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       537899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1271299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       387932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           387932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       185489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           185489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       679698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       723388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1456788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       679698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       723388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1456788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.227607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691302                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.691302                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.604893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.275646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.275646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93696.659433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93767.059065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93494.734778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93292.184534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93362.539410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34282.601151                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34282.601151                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94537.431003                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94537.431003                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93696.659433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93767.059065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93494.734778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93751.263403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93690.820783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93696.659433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93767.059065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93494.734778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93751.263403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93690.820783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              142106                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   142106                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       192143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3648                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3648                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           401558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          401558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132198326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97188461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7490330832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15222279797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22941997416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258348159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258348159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9015450577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9015450577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132198326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97188461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7490330832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24237730374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31957447993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    132198326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97188461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7490330832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24237730374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31957447993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    230576332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    230576332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    371721153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    371721153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    602297485                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    602297485                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691302                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.691302                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.604893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.275646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79685.549126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79728.023790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79400.555801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79223.702123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79286.132411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70819.122533                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70819.122533                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80350.893281                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80350.893281                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79685.549126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79728.023790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79400.555801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79639.258122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79583.641698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79685.549126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79728.023790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79400.555801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79639.258122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79583.641698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                87137594                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12323                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2467956                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 84669638                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4433                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7891                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 498                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1304592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12071413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1305104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.249388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12065442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12065442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12065442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12065442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12065442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12065442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1462690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1462690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1462690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1462690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1462690                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1462690                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39114398473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39114398473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39114398473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  39114398473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39114398473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  39114398473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13528132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13528132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13528132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13528132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13528132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13528132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.108122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.108122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.108122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26741.413747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26741.413747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26741.413747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26741.413747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26741.413747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26741.413747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4886454                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32147.723684                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       158089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       158089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       158089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       158089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       158089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       158089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1304601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1304601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1304601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1304601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1304601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1304601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29400155990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29400155990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29400155990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29400155990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29400155990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29400155990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22535.745404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22535.745404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22535.745404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22535.745404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22535.745404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22535.745404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        67693                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.689867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        349382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        67708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.160129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002283861000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.689867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       348913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       348913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       348913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70846                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1251955849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1251955849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1251955849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1251955849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1251955849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1251955849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       419759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       419759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       419759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17671.510727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17671.510727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17671.510727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17671.510727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17671.510727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17671.510727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8572                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8572                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1018731911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1018731911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1018731911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1018731911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1018731911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1018731911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14379.526169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14379.526169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14379.526169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14379.526169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14379.526169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14379.526169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       411146                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.850840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1773876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       411162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.314299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.850840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.990678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.990678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1773422                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1773422                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1773422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1773422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1773422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1773422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       414295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       414295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       414295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6328547279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6328547279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6328547279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6328547279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6328547279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6328547279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2187717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2187717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2187717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15275.461396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15275.461396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15275.461396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15275.461396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15275.461396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15275.461396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       153707                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       153707                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       414295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       414295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       414295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       414295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4985227747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4985227747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4985227747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4985227747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4985227747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4985227747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12033.038649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12033.038649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12033.038649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12033.038649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12033.038649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12033.038649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1568998                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.704064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24492223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1569510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.605012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.704064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15637542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15637542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8793577                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8793577                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24431119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24431119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24431119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24431119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2283499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2283499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       309164                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       309164                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2592663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2592663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2592663                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2592663                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93673700706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93673700706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16214096930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16214096930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109887797636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109887797636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109887797636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109887797636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17921041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17921041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9102741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9102741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27023782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27023782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27023782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27023782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033964                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41022.002071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41022.002071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52444.970728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52444.970728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42384.142342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42384.142342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42384.142342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42384.142342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       764166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           764166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       969682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       969682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       973248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       973248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       973248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       973248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1313817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1313817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       305598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1619415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1619415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1619415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1619415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38972836525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38972836525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14983282571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14983282571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53956119096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53956119096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53956119096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53956119096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    269836722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269836722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    433152133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    433152133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    702988855                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    702988855                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033572                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29663.824205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29663.824205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49029.386878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49029.386878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33318.277956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33318.277956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33318.277956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33318.277956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               248900993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18732472                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18732472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2063957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14516500                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10260958                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68026955                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88154842                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18732472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10260958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27576667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8489306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2169302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92957326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        26538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       306107                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1074                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13528240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1307840                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31602                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    197325365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.815428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.241160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       170649235     86.48%     86.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1564364      0.79%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1557556      0.79%     88.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2434853      1.23%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2234614      1.13%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1832677      0.93%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1842863      0.93%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1911966      0.97%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13297237      6.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    197325365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075261                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.354176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        70666438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94432497                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24533368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1431666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6261396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156678914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          500                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6261396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        72981194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       70310587                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14394424                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23493250                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9884514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     151985644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       130356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2742688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      6048247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       235084                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170519173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395232155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393562543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1669612                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123151836                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47367456                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       420843                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       420952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21738368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25092350                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12123698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3710248                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2236270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145471023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       512576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132952096                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       404938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35226660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54971563                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       168841                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    197325365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.673771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    140429902     71.17%     71.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21912498     11.10%     82.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14974975      7.59%     89.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8229753      4.17%     94.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5883626      2.98%     97.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3290782      1.67%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1914999      0.97%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       588659      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       100171      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    197325365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         300078     45.05%     45.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6262      0.94%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        238124     35.75%     81.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121705     18.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       883815      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97645409     73.44%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       429255      0.32%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22910182     17.23%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11083435      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132952096                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.534157                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             666169                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463824530                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180406719                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128670286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1111262                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       888580                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       514921                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132180898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         553552                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4394459                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6344960                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        38541                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        90423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3019112                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23759                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6261396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51415624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       781801                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145983599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1264634                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25092350                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12123698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       485304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        361327                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        31298                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        90423                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1280284                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2271690                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130702644                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22333408                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2249452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33205768                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14244327                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10872360                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.525119                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129454283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129185207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87781147                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141912128                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.519022                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618560                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37532673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2102453                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    191111758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.567451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.610943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    156249095     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13959062      7.30%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4995132      2.61%     91.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5551207      2.90%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2252795      1.18%     95.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1248582      0.65%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713741      0.37%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       830136      0.43%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5312008      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    191111758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60140800                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108446499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27851985                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18747403                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12559458                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107900358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5312008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           331643844                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298248672                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1025632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               51575628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            43763081                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60140800                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108446499                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60140800                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.138638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.138638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.241625                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.241625                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       265155004                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143069579                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           850402                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          443807                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63444070                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392871                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2102584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       363984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302902032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49081373                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355484645                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302902032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302902032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34172874                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42074843                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       262823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        45498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37862754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7770334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45960560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4687877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4812316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       156541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10460143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21574440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3734810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3108052556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          503619886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3647598374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3108052556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3108052556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80569047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            512399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         350645018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            431726464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80725588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10972542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21574440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3734810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3108052556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         854264904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4079324839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               87137594                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12323                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                84669638                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2467956                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7891                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4433                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                284                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      292664841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28627313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53513640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53079984                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4485851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53079984                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137662910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60240126                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12443132                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7763946                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4679186                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             229911646.204867                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62753194.795133                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.214420                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.785580                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
