
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    43730                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12843114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    22.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549712                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              867387904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        180319572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1047707476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      830                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.299314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063611000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.299314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.518707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.518707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146968896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146968896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147580896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    147580896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147580896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    147580896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176645.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176645.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174445.503546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174445.503546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174445.503546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174445.503546                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       961100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  88                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10921.590909                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       434200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       434200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136946600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136946600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137380800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137380800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137380800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137380800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164599.278846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164599.278846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162388.652482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162388.652482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162388.652482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162388.652482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           229                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1706.085927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              47                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.205240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          102.830866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.604064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.377204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.379458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1104.633774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    462.260625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.025105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.269686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.416525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1603                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             764                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  764                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2381                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1603                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4855                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2868                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3147                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3141539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204528462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86642301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295144986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28708071                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28708071                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3141539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204528462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115350372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323853057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3141539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204528462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115350372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323853057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          764                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              764                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          380                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              380                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.553731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.734211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.734211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.553731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.553731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104717.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92520.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102829.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104262.696751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102909.688285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102896.311828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102896.311828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104717.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92520.444444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102829.794872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103919.254054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102908.502383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104717.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92520.444444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102829.794872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103919.254054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102908.502383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2977439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193549753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82094366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279404096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27158871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27158871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2977439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193549753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109253237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306562967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2977439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193549753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109253237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306562967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.553731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.554370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.734211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.553731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.553731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.590740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99247.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97310.081951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98789.850782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97727.910458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97343.623656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97343.623656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99247.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97310.081951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98426.339640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97693.743467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99247.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97310.081951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98426.339640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97693.743467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1664.405206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.323523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.280267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.966903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1139.252308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    485.582282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     47                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     47                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2821                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2873839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186413210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79000268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269028155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26036889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26036889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2873839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186413210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105037157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295065044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2873839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186413210                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105037157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295065044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.983612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95794.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95205.929520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96814.053922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95366.237150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93995.989170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93995.989170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95794.633333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95205.929520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96099.869167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95243.719819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95794.633333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95205.929520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96099.869167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95243.719819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2457276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158908482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67617194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229611777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22088067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22088067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2457276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158908482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89705261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251699844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2457276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158908482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89705261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251699844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81909.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81158.570991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82864.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81654.259246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79740.314079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79740.314079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81909.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81158.570991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82072.516926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.629977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81909.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81158.570991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82072.516926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.629977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3082                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.975392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.914666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066995300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.790997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.184396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.853876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31150                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4241                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290081660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290081660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290081660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    290081660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290081660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    290081660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.119833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.119833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.119833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68399.353926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68367.112892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68399.353926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68367.112892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68399.353926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68367.112892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226276487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226276487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226276487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226276487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    226276487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226276487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62994.567650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62994.567650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62994.567650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62994.567650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62994.567650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62994.567650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          103                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.593960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.679612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.263254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2413668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2413668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2413668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2413668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2413668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2413668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.323864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.323864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.323864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21744.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21172.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21744.756757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21172.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21744.756757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21172.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2063758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2063758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2063758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2063758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18592.414414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18592.414414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18592.414414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18592.414414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18592.414414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18592.414414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2399                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.673092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.109629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.736347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.936744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2415                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31132346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31132346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31132346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31132346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31132346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31132346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.874366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.874366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.874366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12907.274461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12891.240580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12907.274461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12891.240580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12907.274461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12891.240580                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23689894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23689894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23689894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23689894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23689894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23689894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9821.680763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9821.680763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9821.680763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9821.680763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9821.680763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9821.680763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1624                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               229.315895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   45497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 28.015394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971000388300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.230040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   229.085854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.894867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.895765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34050                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34050                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20694                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20694                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214036185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214036185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32801632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32801632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246837817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246837817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246837817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246837817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73425.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73400.612140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83677.632653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83677.632653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74641.009072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74618.445284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74641.009072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74618.445284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          764                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              764                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98328139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98328139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30420242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30420242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128748381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128748381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128748381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128748381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10647719                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10647719                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65552.092667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65552.092667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80053.268421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80053.268421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68483.181383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68483.181383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68483.181383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68483.181383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  824367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49226                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49226                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35664                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21729                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196442                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           22                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          466                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             38                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       456959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.955821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.432293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388497     85.02%     85.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3101      0.68%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2806      0.61%     86.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3828      0.84%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6266      1.37%     88.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4055      0.89%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6332      1.39%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3349      0.73%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38725      8.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       456959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.277512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          191914                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64092                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419997                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12720                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        399230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437815                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       999322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       999232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1344                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335429                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1717                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       157000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1017                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       456959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.734046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.502393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       334125     73.12%     73.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40040      8.76%     81.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26230      5.74%     87.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19901      4.36%     91.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14835      3.25%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10732      2.35%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7958      1.74%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2626      0.57%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          512      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       456959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            887     50.54%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           443     25.24%     75.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          425     24.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4094      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259704     77.42%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44918     13.39%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26703      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335429                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.406893                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1755                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1132165                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       482112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        333076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16512                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9398                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          989                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371970                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1759                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1837                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325500                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42676                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33859                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25607                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.394848                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320095                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208659                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340101                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.388292                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613521                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       436666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.580036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.549534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       351974     80.60%     80.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30146      6.90%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16275      3.73%     91.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13130      3.01%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8069      1.85%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3421      0.78%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2278      0.52%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2837      0.65%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8536      1.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       436666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133903                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54306                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33175                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27947                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8536                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              799889                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             764597                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 367408                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2283                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253282                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.156449                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.156449                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          645375                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349134                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140109                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003926050999                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975428829408                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26142                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2198989639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4600516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9096.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   237808650                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     453418373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1204800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       469248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1589056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4342208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       469248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         469248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2486272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2486272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               60228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 217068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              60228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45326                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.944648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.398800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.940332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.933771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5335                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5335                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1306                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1306                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6641                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6641                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           32041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35710                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52350                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         67491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            84391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        67491                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           84391                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11378000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1291709302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1303087302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2926335920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2362849000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5289184920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937713920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3654558302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6592272222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937713920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3654558302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6592272222                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        37116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        37016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        74132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          91032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        74132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         91032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.964718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.975660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.910417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.927048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.910417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.927048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43761.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40644.073566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40669.370556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175861.533654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66167.712125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101035.051003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173829.226036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54148.824317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78115.820668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173829.226036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54148.824317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78115.820668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21395200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11453.533191                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35364                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35364                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        67491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        84391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        67491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        84391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8080200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    895251869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903332069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2725787100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1921741100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4647528200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733867300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2816992969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5550860269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733867300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2816992969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5550860269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.964718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.910417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.910417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31077.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28169.405274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28193.004869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163809.320913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53815.208625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88777.998090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161767.295858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41738.794343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65775.500575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161767.295858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41738.794343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65775.500575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        585545                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4049.768579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        11223826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        589606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         19.036146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          817.013475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.022376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    35.757188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.119195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2339.415243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    852.440840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.199466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.571146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.208115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1310764                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100054                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6278557                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1963081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                9652456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1611005                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              1611005                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32513                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32513                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       429834                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               429834                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1310764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6278557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2392915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                10082290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1310764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100054                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6278557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2392915                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               10082290                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       348604                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       184509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               540694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              75652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       348604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       260161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                616346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       348604                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       260161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               616346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160276336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23225722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8091028619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5951824719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    14226355396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    581299023                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    581299023                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4090258619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4090258619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160276336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23225722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8091028619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10042083338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     18316614015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160276336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23225722                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8091028619                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10042083338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    18316614015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1317587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6627161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2147590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           10193150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1611005                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          1611005                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           46224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       505486                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           505486                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1317587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6627161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2653076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            10698636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1317587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6627161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2653076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           10698636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.053045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.296621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.296621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.149662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.057610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.057610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23490.595926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30640.794195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23209.798565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32257.639026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26311.287708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42396.544599                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42396.544599                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54066.761209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54066.761209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23490.595926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30640.794195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23209.798565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38599.495459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29718.070718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23490.595926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30640.794195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23209.798565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38599.495459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29718.070718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              130223                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   130223                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       348603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       184477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          540661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         75652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       348603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       260129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           616313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       348603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       260129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          616313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    123595779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19089818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6105001876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4925003992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11172691465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    602645431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    602645431                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3667016265                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667016265                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    123595779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19089818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6105001876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8592020257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14839707730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    123595779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19089818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6105001876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8592020257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14839707730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3957648880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3957648880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6441357183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6441357183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10399006063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10399006063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.296621                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296621                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.057607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18114.579950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25184.456464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17512.763447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26697.116670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20664.874043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43953.426519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43953.426519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48472.165508                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48472.165508                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18114.579950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25184.456464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17512.763447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33029.843874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24078.200087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18114.579950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25184.456464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17512.763447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33029.843874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24078.200087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8435                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30416.138482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          602037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         15.244531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10591.291091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.035343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.072726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   156.842965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.991624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8468.391605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11137.512823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.323221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.258435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.928227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6620                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       341270                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       139644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 488210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          130223                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               130223                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        41767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                41767                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       341270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       181411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  529977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          676                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       341270                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       181411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 529977                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7333                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44833                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                52451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29361                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29361                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 70623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7333                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        63005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                70623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19103989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7666169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    686357483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2361755265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3074882906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    456726682                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    456726682                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1462914562                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1462914562                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19103989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7666169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    686357483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3824669827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4537797468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19103989                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7666169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    686357483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3824669827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4537797468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       348603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       184477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             540661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       130223                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           130223                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29424                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29424                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        59939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            59939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       348603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       244416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              600600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       348603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       244416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             600600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.097013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997859                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.997859                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.303175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.303175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.117587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.117587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94108.320197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93489.865854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.456703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52678.947762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58623.913862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15555.556078                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15555.556078                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80503.772947                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80503.772947                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94108.320197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93489.865854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.456703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60704.227077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64253.819124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94108.320197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93489.865854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.456703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60704.227077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64253.819124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3484                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3484                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29361                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29361                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            70623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           70623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16263215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6518106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    583058897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1731869467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2337709685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1588050925                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588050925                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1203059240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203059240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16263215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6518106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    583058897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2934928707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3540768925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16263215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6518106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    583058897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2934928707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3540768925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3528109840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3528109840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5730894313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5730894313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9259004153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9259004153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997859                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997859                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.303175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.117587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.108179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80114.359606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79489.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79511.645575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38629.345951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44569.401632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54087.085760                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.085760                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66204.008365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.008365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80114.359606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79489.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79511.645575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46582.472931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.201025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80114.359606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79489.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79511.645575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46582.472931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.201025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       594390                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       750010                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8582                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7231                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4977                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7226                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  537654                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15813                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1344400                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           790                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   237709                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   299945                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            429                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            361                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8920                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6627158                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                17035408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6627670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.570346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17027670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       17027670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17027670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        17027670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17027670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       17027670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6912689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6912689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6912689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6912689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6912689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6912689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  96482127749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  96482127749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  96482127749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  96482127749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  96482127749                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  96482127749                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23940359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23940359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23940359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23940359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23940359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23940359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.288746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.288746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.288746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.288746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.288746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.288746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13957.249885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13957.249885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13957.249885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13957.249885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13957.249885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13957.249885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       117328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39109.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       285213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       285213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       285213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       285213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       285213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       285213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6627476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6627476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6627476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6627476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6627476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6627476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70097756111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70097756111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70097756111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70097756111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70097756111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70097756111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10576.840431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10576.840431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10576.840431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10576.840431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10576.840431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10576.840431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       100843                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        155364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       100859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.540408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972586792300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       154978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       154978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       154978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       154978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       154978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       154978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101046                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       101046                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       101046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       101046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2053868237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2053868237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2053868237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2053868237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2053868237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2053868237                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       256024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       256024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       256024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       256024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.394674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.394674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.394674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20326.071660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20326.071660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20326.071660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20326.071660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20326.071660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20326.071660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           67                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1745119608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745119608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1745119608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745119608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1745119608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745119608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.394674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17270.546167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17270.546167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17270.546167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17270.546167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17270.546167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17270.546167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1317807                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        102220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1317823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.077567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       101769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       101769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       101769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318052                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1318052                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1318052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1318052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23117384170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23117384170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23117384170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23117384170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23117384170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23117384170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1419821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1419821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1419821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1419821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1419821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1419821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.928323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.928323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.928323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.928323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.928323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.928323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17539.053216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17539.053216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17539.053216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17539.053216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17539.053216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17539.053216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1039                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1039                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1318052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1318052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1318052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19105255945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19105255945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19105255945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19105255945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19105255945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19105255945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.928323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.928323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.928323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14495.069956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14495.069956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14495.069956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14495.069956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14495.069956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14495.069956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               2637633                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.992621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                48531274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               2637889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.397770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.992621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     30032177                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       30032177                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18427240                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18427240                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     48459417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        48459417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     48459417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       48459417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3219285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3219285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       553479                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       553479                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3772764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       3772764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3772764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      3772764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68843559358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  68843559358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12967659118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12967659118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81811218476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81811218476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81811218476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81811218476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33251462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33251462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18980719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18980719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52232181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52232181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52232181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52232181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.096816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21384.735852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21384.735852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23429.360677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23429.360677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21684.690184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21684.690184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21684.690184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21684.690184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1609899                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          1609899                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1070858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1070858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1074374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1074374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1074374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1074374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2148427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2148427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       549963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       549963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2698390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2698390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2698390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2698390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36846510173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36846510173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11002548277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11002548277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47849058450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47849058450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47849058450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47849058450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4129483686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4129483686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6711460002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6711460002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10840943688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10840943688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17150.459463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17150.459463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20005.979088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20005.979088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17732.447293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17732.447293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17732.447293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17732.447293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               420971662                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        30126431                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     30126431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      4072985                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     26062111                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15402061                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222232614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146359855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           30126431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15402061                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             47815293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       14423749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1075043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      79049689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       181550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       271131                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23940361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2843037                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          55748                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    360713692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.783341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.222013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       314369087     87.15%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3782506      1.05%     88.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2286769      0.63%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3584692      0.99%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2850859      0.79%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3227688      0.89%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3219801      0.89%     92.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2547147      0.71%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24845143      6.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    360713692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.071564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.347672                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       219135650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     86241486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         44409425                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       838796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      10088335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     276532111                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          228                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      10088335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       221813743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       11142033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     69921102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         42557594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      5190885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     267959356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        21407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        429011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2893190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9046                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    294588879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    671729271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    666281641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5447630                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    221867009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        72721980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1621908                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1651170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         18518359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     40083901                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24228170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3368525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2025623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         256213781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2164524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        241114450                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       598347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     53192738                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     73615998                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       601753                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    360713692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.668437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.414086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    267104555     74.05%     74.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33173528      9.20%     83.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     22089995      6.12%     89.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13671264      3.79%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10507194      2.91%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7287770      2.02%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4318012      1.20%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2119550      0.59%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       441824      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    360713692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         407333     29.29%     29.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        53456      3.84%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        535897     38.54%     71.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       393982     28.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1916908      0.80%      0.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    177471129     73.60%     74.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1516610      0.63%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37755951     15.66%     90.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22453852      9.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     241114450                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.572757                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1390668                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    841649018                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    308712676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232382801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3733714                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2908441                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1694964                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     238697256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1890954                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3363930                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9043859                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43857                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        52129                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5198259                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        63561                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      10088335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        8022385                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       179794                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    258378305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2140224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     40083901                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24228873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1913012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         84573                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         8206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        52129                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1610370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2922071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4532441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    237001954                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36704498                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4112496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            58676990                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23788001                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21972492                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.562988                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             234447737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            234077765                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        151077815                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        235052498                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.556042                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642741                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     58511961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1562771                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4088559                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    350805976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.569162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.531763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    283841263     80.91%     80.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24066741      6.86%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11531017      3.29%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12102684      3.45%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6153346      1.75%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2520671      0.72%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2014627      0.57%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1680974      0.48%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6894653      1.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    350805976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104779833                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     199665370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              50070670                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             31040053                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             200189                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20878828                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1264704                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        197723292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6894653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           601719699                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          526461120                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3660942                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               60257970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59649193793                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104779833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            199665370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104779833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.017678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.017678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.248900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.248900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       466874256                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      253078148                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3049521                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1604777                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      109501942                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1512417                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1177098                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1410897112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       236724474                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1649239980                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1410897112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1410897112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1021478                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    158842841                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       162825727                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            38175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        176362139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37344023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           213799499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           36088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23505930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23588290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70531010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11833901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              82445815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70531010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70531010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             51064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7940583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8139689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70531010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19774484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             90585503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      750010                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      594390                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7231                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8582                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5440                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8577                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 537654                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15813                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1344400                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          790                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  299945                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  237709                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           361                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           429                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8015                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072781279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 131946980                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   251827715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           249629750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               963512                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17167823                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  249629750                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      963512                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         638158931                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        281034764                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1607716                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            786373                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60915488                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37366263                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23549225                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59777454599.156876                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             295326679.843125                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004916                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995084                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
