
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65493                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   116303                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36546549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519446                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225649992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              982306081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225649992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1289649319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.295693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046362000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.295693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1767400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11329.487179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1659                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1434.954699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.174804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.867165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.071088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.202811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.137364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.908383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    988.168142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    328.599824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.043880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.482504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.160449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.700661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2447                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             508                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  508                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2447                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4211                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215625851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76191496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295573448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34136860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34136860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215625851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110328356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       329710308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215625851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110328356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      329710308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.758140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.446857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.851662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.852792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.467097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.467097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87067.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74587.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86840.858236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93486.498160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88099.388376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102513.093093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101597.797619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87067.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74587.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86840.858236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96104.839721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89328.178813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87067.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74587.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86840.858236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96104.839721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89328.178813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 115                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      115                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3101959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201846370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71738132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277099747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32287073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32287073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3101959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201846370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104025205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309386820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3101959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201846370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104025205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309386820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3828548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3828548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11333802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11333802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.758140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.851662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.465072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.644433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.783083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81630.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81291.329037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88022.247853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82914.346798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96958.177177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96958.177177                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81630.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81291.329037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90614.290070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84186.889796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81630.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        68881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81291.329037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90614.290070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84186.889796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1762.438442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           19.653625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.853274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.749839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.908785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.273061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             115                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  115                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          124                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    648                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          692                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2708                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186921020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67192744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257362731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31140221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31140221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186921020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98332965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288502952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186921020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98332965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288502952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          115                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              115                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.849080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.807154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.997024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.824438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.824438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95962.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.955307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97099.341040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95037.936115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93795.846386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92955.883582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95962.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.955307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96028.286133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94808.725600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95962.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.955307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96028.286133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94808.725600                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159245418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57587361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219607995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26392431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26392431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159245418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83979792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246000426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159245418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83979792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246000426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3409333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3409333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10120933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10120933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.849080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.820103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.792992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82053.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80876.291519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83218.729769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81487.196660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79495.274096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79495.274096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82053.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80876.291519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82011.515625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81268.723489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82053.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80876.291519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82011.515625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81268.723489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3344                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.302251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.220096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049575300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.004975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21051                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4544                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4544                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4547                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300230343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300230343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300230343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300230343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300230343                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300230343                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66071.818442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66028.225863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66071.818442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66028.225863                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66071.818442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66028.225863                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235183645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235183645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235183645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235183645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235183645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235183645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61039.098105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61039.098105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61039.098105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           75                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.087508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           75                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.786667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.748088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1481572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1481572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1481572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1481572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1481572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1481572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18754.075949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17227.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18754.075949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17227.581395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18754.075949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17227.581395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1232631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1232631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1232631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.924051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.924051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15602.924051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2476                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.110856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.020219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2492                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2492                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31557987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31557987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31557987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31557987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31557987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31557987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.888414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.282784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12663.718700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.282784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12663.718700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12694.282784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12663.718700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23902464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23902464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23902464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23902464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9614.828640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9614.828640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9614.828640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   955                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.268121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   20553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.521466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083129570300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.268192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27374                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16166                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16170                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43540                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144662452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144662452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37917142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37917142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    182579594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    182579594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    182579594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    182579594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78027.212513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78027.212513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91809.060533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91146.975962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80537.977062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80431.539207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80537.977062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80431.539207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          508                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              508                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82063606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82063606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35361531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35361531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117425137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117425137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117425137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117425137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3998450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3998450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11790149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11790149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76267.291822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76267.291822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88183.369077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88183.369077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79502.462424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38163                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28952                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15039                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        159126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          841                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25595                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             22                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.836892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.304470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353523     87.00%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2514      0.62%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1929      0.47%     88.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2861      0.70%     88.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3909      0.96%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3783      0.93%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5078      1.25%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2020      0.50%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30746      7.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          169149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       168691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        327000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173351                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52782                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        311147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340776                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       769670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       769580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211647                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            289396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259381                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          792                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.414659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310570     76.43%     76.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31611      7.78%     84.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20016      4.93%     89.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16257      4.00%     93.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11369      2.80%     95.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8649      2.13%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5444      1.34%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1994      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          453      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            508     40.19%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           396     31.33%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          360     28.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2936      1.13%      1.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199350     76.86%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35476     13.68%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21609      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259381                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335668                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1264                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       928675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       385415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14719                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8341                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92077                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          678                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291002                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           242                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1126                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6206                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251717                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33586                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25556                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20608                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325750                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160130                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250970                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319490                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638044                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.405585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323548     83.21%     83.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24267      6.24%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12414      3.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10047      2.58%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6012      1.55%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3064      0.79%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1666      0.43%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2443      0.63%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5356      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103712                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41791                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25166                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20559                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5356                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              674310                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             599703                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97701                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.450739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.450739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          484239                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268413                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110056                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           659                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993593011                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501217790                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42952                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83951                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11725128335                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4546860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5117.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219827233                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429659170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3432448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       606464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4686912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8802944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       606464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         606464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4491648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4491648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               137546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          70182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               70182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        78103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 146694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        78103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                221543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71526                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.902200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.304125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.598075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.019008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.912380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        41732                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         2965                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54165                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         44697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            99427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        44697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           99427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    508018664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4829378752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5337397416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8973734600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    155056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9128790600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9481753264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4984434752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14466188016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9481753264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4984434752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14466188016                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        41754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         2968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        44722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          99452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        44722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         99452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143914.635694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115723.635388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117922.261853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175268.253906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52295.446880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168536.704514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173245.994226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111516.091729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145495.569775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173245.994226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111516.091729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145495.569775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    115034236                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9775.173012                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        41732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        44697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        44697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    465042200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4325662800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4790705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8356603500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    118041900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474645400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8821645700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443704700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13265350400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8821645700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443704700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13265350400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       131740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103653.378702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105843.864610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163214.912109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39811.770658                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156459.806148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161184.829161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99418.410632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133417.989077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161184.829161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99418.410632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133417.989077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        989656                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1987.182216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         3709241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        991680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.740361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6052611624700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          496.249899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    46.765612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.975165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    959.599487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    482.592050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.242310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.468554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.235641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.970304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1298483                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1464134                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       397406                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3202370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          646036                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               646036                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        64646                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               64646                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       162392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               162392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1298483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1464134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       559798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 3364762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1298483                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1464134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       559798                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                3364762                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       491530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       331277                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               844998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16926                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16926                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       130886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             130886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       491530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       462163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                975884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       491530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       462163                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               975884                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    472042803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36532151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11365978566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11960001521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    23834555041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257023658                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    257023658                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6450861815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6450861815                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    472042803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36532151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11365978566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18410863336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     30285416856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    472042803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36532151                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11365978566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18410863336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    30285416856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1955664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       728683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4047368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       646036                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           646036                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        81572                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           81572                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       293278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           293278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1955664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1021961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4340646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1955664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1021961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4340646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.454624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.208777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207498                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.207498                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.446286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.446286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.224825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.224825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22611.745689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27781.103422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23123.672138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36102.722257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28206.640774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15185.138721                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15185.138721                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49286.110165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49286.110165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22611.745689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27781.103422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23123.672138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39836.298743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31033.828668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22611.745689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27781.103422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23123.672138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39836.298743                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31033.828668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              307329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   307329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       491522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       331277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          844984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16926                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16926                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       130886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        130886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       491522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       462163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           975870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       491522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       462163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          975870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    360191346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29380659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8562951933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10129323251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19081847189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1476431307                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476431307                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5701948394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5701948394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    360191346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29380659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8562951933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15831271645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24783795583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    360191346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29380659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8562951933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15831271645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24783795583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1474623931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1474623931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3338511250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3338511250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4813135181                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4813135181                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.454624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207498                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207498                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.446286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.224821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17253.848726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22445.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17421.299419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30576.596779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22582.495277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87228.601382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87228.601382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43564.234479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43564.234479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17253.848726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22445.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17421.299419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34254.736197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25396.615925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17253.848726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22445.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17421.299419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34254.736197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25396.615925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56120                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32361.895160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1066252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         12.030509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8398.470372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.152265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.903476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   185.570139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.052953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5031.654758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  18684.075049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.256301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.153554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.570193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       482045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       276173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 780008                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          307329                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               307329                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          284                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 284                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        85174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                85174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       482045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       361347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  865182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       482045                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       361347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 865182                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                64976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39335                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             39335                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              23019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 87995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                87995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27957562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8851263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    887037289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5003969522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5927815636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95782870                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     95782870                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2131806157                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2131806157                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27957562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8851263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    887037289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7135775679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      8059621793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27957562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8851263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    887037289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7135775679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     8059621793                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       491522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       331277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             844984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       307329                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           307329                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        39619                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           39619                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       108193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           108193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       491522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       439470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              953177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       491522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       439470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             953177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.076896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992832                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.992832                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.212759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.092318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.092318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93191.873333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93171.189474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.954205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90809.551430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91230.848867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2435.054532                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2435.054532                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92610.719710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92610.719710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93191.873333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93171.189474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.954205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91340.267002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91591.815365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93191.873333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93171.189474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93598.954205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91340.267002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91591.815365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18182                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18182                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39335                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        39335                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         23019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            87995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           87995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23755017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7520572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    753446794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4221850821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5006573204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2975143125                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2975143125                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1799715685                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1799715685                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23755017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7520572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    753446794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6021566506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806288889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23755017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7520572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    753446794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6021566506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806288889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1317762100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1317762100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2938606260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2938606260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4256368360                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4256368360                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992832                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992832                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.092318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.177766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.390000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79163.915789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79502.668988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76616.050033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77052.653349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75636.027075                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75636.027075                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78183.921326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78183.921326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.390000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79163.915789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79502.668988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77078.024474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77348.586727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79183.390000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79163.915789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79502.668988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77078.024474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77348.586727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2473551                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1919                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1893                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2017                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2514091                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   329757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3043                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1955665                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22476392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1956177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.489958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22468103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22468103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22468103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22468103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22468103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22468103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2070106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2070106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2070106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2070106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2070106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2070106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34045426254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34045426254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34045426254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  34045426254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34045426254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  34045426254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24538209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24538209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24538209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24538209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24538209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24538209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16446.223649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16446.223649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16446.223649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16446.223649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16446.223649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16446.223649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       290522                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36315.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       114425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       114425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       114425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       114425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       114425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       114425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1955681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1955681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1955681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1955681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1955681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1955681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25375894899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25375894899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25375894899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25375894899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25375894899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25375894899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12975.477544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12975.477544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12975.477544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12975.477544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12975.477544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12975.477544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        43702                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         23396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        43718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.535157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083936999300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        23030                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        23030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        23030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43906                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        43906                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        43906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43906                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        43906                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    776003257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    776003257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    776003257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    776003257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    776003257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    776003257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        66936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        66936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        66936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.655940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.655940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.655940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17674.196169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17674.196169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17674.196169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17674.196169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17674.196169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17674.196169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           42                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    641669615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    641669615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    641669615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    641669615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    641669615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641669615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.655940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14614.622489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14614.622489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14614.622489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14614.622489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14614.622489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14614.622489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1319673                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        178801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1319689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.135487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       178480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       178480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       178480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       178480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       178480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       178480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319981                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1319981                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1319981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1319981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16549573453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16549573453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16549573453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16549573453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16549573453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16549573453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1498461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1498461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1498461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1498461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1498461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1498461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12537.736114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12537.736114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12537.736114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12537.736114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12537.736114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12537.736114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2442                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2442                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1319981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1319981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1319981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1319981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12519923147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12519923147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12519923147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12519923147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12519923147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12519923147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9484.926788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9484.926788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9484.926788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9484.926788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9484.926788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9484.926788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1019740                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44274903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1020252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.396046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.016359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.983545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26516984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26516984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17645155                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17645155                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44162139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44162139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44162139                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44162139                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1666968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1666968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       376106                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       376106                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2043074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2043074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2043074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2043074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68324893113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  68324893113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11766890095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11766890095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80091783208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80091783208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80091783208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80091783208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28183952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28183952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18021261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18021261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46205213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46205213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46205213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46205213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40987.525323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40987.525323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31286.100448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31286.100448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39201.606603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39201.606603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39201.606603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39201.606603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       643552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           643552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       937812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       937812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       941192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       941192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       941192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       941192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       729156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       729156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       372726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       372726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1101882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1101882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1101882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1101882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18758164130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18758164130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10289597376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10289597376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29047761506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29047761506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29047761506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29047761506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1536601496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1536601496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3481950502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3481950502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5018551998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5018551998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020683                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020683                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25725.858568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25725.858568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27606.331128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27606.331128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26361.953009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26361.953009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26361.953009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26361.953009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               296971792                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        31862178                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     31862178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3558189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23624919                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16620101                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    120933900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             145989514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           31862178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16620101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             49755506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11685215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            681969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      90314220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       271979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63881                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          183                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24538216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2084555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12434                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    270012556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.085971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.541524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       221177589     81.91%     81.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4540890      1.68%     83.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2378641      0.88%     84.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3360364      1.24%     85.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3481691      1.29%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3481651      1.29%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3478308      1.29%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3265797      1.21%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24847625      9.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    270012556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.107290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.491594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       118227270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95994091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         46782138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1018139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       7990918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     287962007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           10                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       7990918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       122088636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46942674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39219189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         43863413                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9907726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     280394986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        75227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3150476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4918013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       207380                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    312846382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    703987417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    673539437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30447980                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    244307715                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68538785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1206549                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1236865                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26874461                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33756099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21117636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2115576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1385149                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         260155724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1534318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        246566597                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       697507                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     40947588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58968745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       390993                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    270012556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.913167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.588590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175848500     65.13%     65.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32193515     11.92%     77.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21557438      7.98%     85.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14859079      5.50%     90.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10790647      4.00%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7574623      2.81%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5142765      1.90%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1579236      0.58%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       466753      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    270012556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         543707     36.15%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4489      0.30%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        599271     39.84%     76.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       356681     23.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4130454      1.68%      1.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    181306431     73.53%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9198412      3.73%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32053868     13.00%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19877432      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     246566597                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.830269                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1504148                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006100                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    743920313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    287720988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    230294459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21871810                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14936978                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10714958                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     233006953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10933338                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3099791                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5831478                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43681                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27692                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3150086                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        26970                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       7990918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       37475478                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       479605                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    261690042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5980822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33756099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21117636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1318557                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        247854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        53116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27692                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1429442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2497596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3927038                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    242670318                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31283001                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3896279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            50872035                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        24906663                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19589034                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.817149                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             241291515                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            241009417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        160770020                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        267888802                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.811557                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600137                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     44383881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1143325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3563873                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    262111415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.828168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.812016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190474071     72.67%     72.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24643495      9.40%     82.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14731815      5.62%     87.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11590952      4.42%     92.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5365374      2.05%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3007079      1.15%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2384948      0.91%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1923740      0.73%     96.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7989941      3.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    262111415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109174437                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     217072268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              45892186                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             27924632                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             158752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22723773                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244905                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        209017022                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      7989941                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           515243085                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          531004601                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1038231                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               26959236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179909000324                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109174437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            217072268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109174437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.720159                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.720159                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.367626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.367626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       483319739                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      256688574                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18770758                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9799429                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      100810694                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1159884                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7391296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7788904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1158005592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231226059                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1404599391                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1158005592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1158005592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2506207                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150437263                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154757998                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       923912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144750699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32466654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179119811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           41861                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19679211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19749424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19297201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3853190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23406481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19297201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19297201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2506912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2578913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             42984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19297201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6360102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25985395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2473551                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1919                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1893                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2017                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2514091                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  329757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1956                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109591495                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210709610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           209815136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                46065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13400091                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  209815136                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       46065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         528965804                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232637579                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              74830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52232746                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32501142                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19731604                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961291348.990479                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             245895014.009516                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001365                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998635                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
