
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000421                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   420873039                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10916471106162                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 563701                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1009663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              399229181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4611956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      594223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1064368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total                 256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total             64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                    4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       152065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 608259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       152065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            152065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       152065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                608259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                         3.997466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.998989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         405454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          405454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304454                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         405454                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101484.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101363.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101484.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101363.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101484.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101363.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       383054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       383054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       383054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95884.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95763.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95884.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95763.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95884.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95763.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                         3.997600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.999021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         369854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total          369854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total         369854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92584.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92463.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92584.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92463.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92584.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92463.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                 0.998976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.998976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       2.998438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       318554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total       318554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total       318554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106184.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106184.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106184.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106184.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106184.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106184.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       307454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       307454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102484.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102484.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102484.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102484.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102484.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102484.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse              0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                        0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                       1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups               0                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted            0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups            0                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles                 1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines                1                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev          nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0               1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate                0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                      0                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles                0                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts                0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads            0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores            0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total             0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                         0                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  0                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate               nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            1                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles             0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles            0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts            0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts            0                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            0                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs                   0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches               0                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores                 0                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate                   0                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                     0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count                    0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers                0                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers                0                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate                     0                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout                 nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate          nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                     0                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches                 0                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts                0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events            0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads                   1                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes                  0                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                    0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total            0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                           inf                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                     inf                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.000000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.000000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes             43                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        14840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         8664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         6347936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         1004676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            7376116                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      6347936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       6347936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       859671                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          859671                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           793492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           150167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              946597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          114492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             114492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     35260040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20585781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15082781295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2387123686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17525750800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15082781295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15082781295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2042589856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2042589856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     35260040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20585781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15082781295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4429713541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19568340656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1263892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    594223                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     1064368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             1061477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  784                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90757                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    1061477                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         784                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2801012                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1224360                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               1293                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      264800                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    150311                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   114489                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1263892                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.184145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1184144561109                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12101034823029                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  76418                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   142162                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               95182381                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4831768                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12440.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   950698999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1768603575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     67543104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           637760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      4387904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    117643072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           190680960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      4387904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        4387904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     78051264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         78051264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide      1055361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1838173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              2979390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1219551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1219551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     57039576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              538583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3705548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     99348573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              161028447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3705548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           3705548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         65913628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              65913628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         65913628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     57039576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             538583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        31023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3705548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     99348573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             226942075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                  1104201                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.073690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       9640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                  1104216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.008730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             10926344542300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     1.646427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        13.427264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.102902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.839204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.942106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3629                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3629                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069939                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        37067                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total         1107006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        21063                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          21191                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         58130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total          1128197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        58130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total         1128197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199650510544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2589906396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 202240416940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20328984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1318945000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1339273984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199670839528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3908851396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total 203579690924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199670839528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3908851396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total 203579690924                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        40422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total       1110361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        21337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21465                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        61759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total        1131826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        61759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total       1131826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.996978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.987235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.996794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186599.900129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69870.947096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182691.346696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158820.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62619.047619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63200.131377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186596.577156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67243.271908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180446.935175                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186596.577156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67243.271908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180446.935175                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   7041139496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs              752133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9361.561713                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           9802                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                9802                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        37067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1107006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        21063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        58130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1128197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        58130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1128197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186804708656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2134750300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188939458956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18787300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1057884400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076671700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186823495956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3192634700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 190016130656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186823495956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3192634700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 190016130656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987235                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174593.793343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57591.666442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170676.092953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146775.781250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50224.773299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50807.970365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174590.465790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54922.324101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168424.601959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174590.465790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54922.324101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168424.601959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages        16682                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes     68329472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs        16682                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      10093661                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      8045.464355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        48907202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      10101782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.841443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  11221214404600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1490.910734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   130.135716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   114.364138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4641.703024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1668.350743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.181996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.566614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.203656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11413992                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10503558                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17907464                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4862444                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               44687458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5875691                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              5875691                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       228988                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              228988                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1551686                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1551686                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11413992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10503558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17907464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6414130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                46239144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11413992                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10503558                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17907464                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6414130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               46239144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5609518                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2693908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8455263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10915                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10915                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1643483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1643483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5609518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4337391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              10098746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5609518                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4337391                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             10098746                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2905168480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    931581879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 126423723180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117092560739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   247353034278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    457641362                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    457641362                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132970626138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 132970626138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2905168480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    931581879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 126423723180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250063186877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    380323660416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2905168480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    931581879                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 126423723180                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250063186877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   380323660416                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11523276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23516982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7556352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           53142721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5875691                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          5875691                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       239903                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          239903                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3195169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3195169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11523276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23516982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10751521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            56337890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11523276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23516982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10751521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           56337890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.238531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.159105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045498                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.045498                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.514365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.238531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.179253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.238531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.179253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26583.657992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21892.272672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22537.359392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43465.686556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29254.327663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41927.747320                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41927.747320                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80907.819635                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80907.819635                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26583.657992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21892.272672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22537.359392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57652.903987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37660.483828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26583.657992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21892.272672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22537.359392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57652.903987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37660.483828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             2550876                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  2550876                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5609293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2693892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8455020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10915                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10915                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1643483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1643483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5609293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4337375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         10098503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      5609293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4337375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        10098503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2314720761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    705241885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  94381011218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101941170866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 199342144730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    467572274                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467572274                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123863920004                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 123863920004                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2314720761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    705241885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  94381011218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225805090870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 323206064734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2314720761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    705241885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  94381011218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225805090870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 323206064734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5201301873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5201301873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7253236287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7253236287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12454538160                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12454538160                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.238521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045498                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045498                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.514365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.238521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.179249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.238521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21180.783655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16574.037860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16825.830139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37841.595307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23576.779798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42837.588090                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42837.588090                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75366.718125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75366.718125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21180.783655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16574.037860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16825.830139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52060.310872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32005.344231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21180.783655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16574.037860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16825.830139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52060.310872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32005.344231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       1890364                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31395.209434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         9069851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       1922922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.716702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  11221260325000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10780.749088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   285.116486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   113.301609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  10781.527198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   9434.515053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.329002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.329026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.287919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.958106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102528                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41977                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5540732                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2001281                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                7686518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2550876                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              2550876                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          572                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 572                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       446845                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               446845                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5540732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2448126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 8133363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41977                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5540732                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2448126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                8133363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       692611                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               768502                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16375                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16375                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1190606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1190606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1883217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               1959108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1883217                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              1959108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    634100312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53872166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6431375305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66262035685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    73381383468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    346876725                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    346876725                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112004019280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 112004019280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    634100312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53872166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6431375305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178266054965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    185385402748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    634100312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53872166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6431375305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 178266054965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   185385402748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5609293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2693892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8455020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2550876                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          2550876                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16947                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16947                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1637451                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1637451                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5609293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4331343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10092471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      5609293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4331343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10092471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.090893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966248                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.966248                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727109                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.727109                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.194116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.194116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93857.358200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93853.947735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93805.156065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95669.915270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95486.262193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21183.311450                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21183.311450                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94073.118462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94073.118462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93857.358200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93853.947735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93805.156065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94660.389623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.454305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93857.358200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93853.947735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93805.156065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94660.389623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.454305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1209749                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1209749                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       692611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          768502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16375                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16375                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1190606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1190606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1883217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          1959108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        68561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1883217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         1959108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    539155140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45843221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5464427327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56577308770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62626734458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    748689096                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748689096                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95082027282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95082027282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    539155140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45843221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5464427327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151659336052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 157708761740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    539155140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45843221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5464427327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151659336052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157708761740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4633299275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4633299275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6463871962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6463871962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11097171237                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11097171237                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966248                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966248                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.727109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.194116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79803.898757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79866.238676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79701.686484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81686.991356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81491.960279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45721.471511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45721.471511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79860.194961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79860.194961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79803.898757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79866.238676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79701.686484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80532.055548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80500.289795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79803.898757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79866.238676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79701.686484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80532.055548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80500.289795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1503266                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       356127                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4633                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       4637                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4623                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  4637                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                12561932                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      9270                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1859393                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          7828                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 10155963                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2405970                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           3913                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           3916                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               12845                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23516471                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               510.929716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               141503970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23516983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.017097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          10921010174300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   510.929716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.997910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.997910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141503970                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      141503970                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141503970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       141503970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141503970                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      141503970                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25319040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25319040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25319040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25319040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25319040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25319040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 454876498075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 454876498075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 454876498075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 454876498075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 454876498075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 454876498075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166823010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166823010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166823010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    166823010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166823010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    166823010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17965.787726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17965.787726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17965.787726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17965.787726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17965.787726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17965.787726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1801916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1801916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1801916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1801916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1801916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1801916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23517124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23517124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23517124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23517124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23517124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23517124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 343475542781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 343475542781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 343475542781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 343475542781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 343475542781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 343475542781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.140971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.140971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.140971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14605.337914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14605.337914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14605.337914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14605.337914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14605.337914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14605.337914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements     10546407                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.958535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       1997974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     10546423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.189446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10920990641300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.958535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.997408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.997408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1997974                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1997974                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1997974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1997974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1997974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1997974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546583                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     10546583                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     10546583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     10546583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 152021664110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 152021664110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 152021664110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 152021664110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 152021664110                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 152021664110                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12544557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12544557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12544557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12544557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12544557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12544557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.840730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.840730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.840730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14414.305004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14414.305004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14414.305004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14414.305004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14414.305004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14414.305004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       127378                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       127378                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10546583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10546583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10546583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10546583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 120047388733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120047388733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 120047388733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 120047388733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 120047388733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 120047388733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11382.586069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11382.586069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11382.586069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11382.586069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11382.586069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11382.586069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     11525070                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.969691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       8477591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     11525086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.735577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10920958964000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.969691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.998106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8477591                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8477591                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8477591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8477591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8477591                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8477591                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11526963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     11526963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11526963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     11526963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11526963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     11526963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 187147957821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 187147957821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 187147957821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 187147957821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 187147957821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 187147957821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20004554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20004554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20004554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     20004554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20004554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     20004554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.576217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.576217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.576217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.576217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.576217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.576217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16235.669172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16235.669172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16235.669172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16235.669172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16235.669172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16235.669172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        26181                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        26181                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11526963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11526963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11526963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11526963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11526963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11526963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 151954838783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 151954838783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 151954838783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 151954838783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 151954838783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 151954838783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.576217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.576217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.576217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13182.556306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13182.556306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13182.556306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13182.556306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13182.556306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13182.556306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10740161                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.452765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               355602228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10740673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 33.108002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          10921046534000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.452765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.996978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    231878440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      231878440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    123460044                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     123460044                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    355338484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       355338484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    355338484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      355338484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17803061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     17803061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3455427                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3455427                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21258488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      21258488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21258488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     21258488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 835810836952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 835810836952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 173598854182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 173598854182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1009409691134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1009409691134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1009409691134                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1009409691134                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    249681501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249681501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    126915471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126915471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    376596972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    376596972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    376596972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    376596972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46947.591594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46947.591594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50239.479573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50239.479573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47482.666271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47482.666271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47482.666271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47482.666271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5722132                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          5722132                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10235721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10235721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10271729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10271729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10271729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10271729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7567340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7567340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3419419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3419419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10986759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10986759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10986759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10986759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207124637424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 207124637424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 160444284949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160444284949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 367568922373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 367568922373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 367568922373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 367568922373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5427091437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5427091437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7539158419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7539158419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12966249856                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12966249856                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27370.864455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27370.864455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46921.504779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46921.504779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33455.628031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33455.628031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33455.628031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33455.628031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2761273614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       216113367                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    216113367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     25449783                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    182396893                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       110031687                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    975055123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1155816367                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          216113367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    110031687                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            357490691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       98640346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         189090148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     652201006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        97301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       528725                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        166823010                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     16979884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1331384                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2246928991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.960190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.434665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1897478778     84.45%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        28053928      1.25%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14442935      0.64%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26689858      1.19%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21124664      0.94%     88.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27370463      1.22%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17223083      0.77%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        20583389      0.92%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       193961893      8.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2246928991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.078266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.418581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1159020645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    672869479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        332940548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      9632321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      72465997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2114740595                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          139                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      72465997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1183223031                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      506252985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     82627891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        317388161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     84970925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2066129744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       665664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      31748259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     44003787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       611162                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2349811387                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   5101533621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   5093289635                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      8243986                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1821769727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       528041649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2303484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2310685                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        195434337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    316132668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    164009127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31068666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     23943354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1983109793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5697130                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1852442137                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3993961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    392358130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    552670990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1827616                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2246928991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.824433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.568205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1564515850     69.63%     69.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    222568637      9.91%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    155480033      6.92%     86.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    105162177      4.68%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     75644042      3.37%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     62307675      2.77%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     42206016      1.88%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     16280224      0.72%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2764337      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2246928991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6637538     49.00%     49.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        17601      0.13%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3704209     27.34%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      3187362     23.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8501254      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1400142955     75.58%     76.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1539128      0.08%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    292531900     15.79%     91.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    149726900      8.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1852442137                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.670865                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           13546710                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5970330055                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2377546403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1804027683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4775168                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4016909                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2163995                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1855172148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        2315445                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     34766874                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     71969594                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       274973                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       414647                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     37076556                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       215985                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      72465997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      432590864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      3809176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1988806923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     15363253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    316132668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    164009127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2841988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1809108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       746747                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       414647                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8865753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     19059483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     27925236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1825861710                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    284697554                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     26580427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           431306783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       173507601                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         146609229                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.661239                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1808971424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1806191678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1224315514                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1880891688                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.654115                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.650923                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    426911113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3869514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     25494448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2174768128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.718175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.782571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1702025709     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    163185199      7.50%     85.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     64109028      2.95%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     82794679      3.81%     92.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     37237016      1.71%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26494669      1.22%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19500826      0.90%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     11717473      0.54%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     67703529      3.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2174768128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    842799808                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1561864200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             371095641                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            244163071                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1999216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         154703733                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1692404                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1551839210                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     67703529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4095373904                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         4050292026                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               14066800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              514344623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles           792722813                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          842799808                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1561864200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    842799808                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.276310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.276310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.305221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.305221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3613962383                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2061300842                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3228489                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1730702                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      794473269                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1979726                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          639919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       544552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        59560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1126481656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       195985382                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1323711605                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1126481656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1126481656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide       274432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1787058                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    130765096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       132826586                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            22258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        68069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         7445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        140810207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         30479920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           171387966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide         4288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           38469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19370694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19413451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             540406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       459870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        50298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          951304168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          165507986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            1117863180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     951304168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        951304168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       231755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           1509155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         110430010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            112170921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       232208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           2049561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       459870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        50298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         951304168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         275937997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           1230034101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           67                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       274432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           67                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      356127                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1503266                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      4637                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4633                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 4221                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4633                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               12561932                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     9270                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1859393                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         7828                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2405970                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                10155963                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          3916                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          3913                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8829                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3556283987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 106713759                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   204614816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           201825286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2669501                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13551537                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  201825286                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2669501                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         513897471                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        223100729                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            4885761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           2300401                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    49936839                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  30517493                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19419346                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             3317839629.371321                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             238444357.628679                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.067049                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.932951                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
