
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 100626                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   179442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54795459                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536280                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              296064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    270874416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1013806675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467236453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        249178165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    270874416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1262984839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1155                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.630033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615305000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.630033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.539377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.539377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207404856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207404856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208186856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    208186856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208186856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    208186856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180038.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180038.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1015000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10357.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    193532976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193532976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    194082776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194082776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    194082776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194082776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167997.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167997.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           18                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1562                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1440.302621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.792574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.871730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.598347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.916794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.726720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.811446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.453648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.788824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    927.164519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.970594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.226359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.351636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101530948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344701973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32776881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32776881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134307829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       377478854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134307829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      377478854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.447942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.813776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.464517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.464517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100129.140039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93162.695405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103071.952830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102748.843260                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100831.703453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.576512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100831.703453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.576512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95962852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324295037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31009695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31009695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126972547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355304732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126972547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355304732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94637.921105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87932.493764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97514.764151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97514.764151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95324.734985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88693.143285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95324.734985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88693.143285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1789.652954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.521618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.282756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.080120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1197.593699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    525.174896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91306818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305050981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29683575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29683575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120990393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       334734556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120990393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      334734556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.864824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.864824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98710.073514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96474.061037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95445.578778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95139.663462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97888.667476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.218768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97888.667476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.218768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78395770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260906385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25259857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25259857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103655627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286166242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103655627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286166242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.861588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84752.183784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.423810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81221.405145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81221.405145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83863.775890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.109506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83863.775890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.109506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3655                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.768349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.124487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598735344000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.735456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.831579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4896                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4896                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.959019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.913978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598751089300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.824007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.676500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.684939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2470                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.906770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.255870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620560300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.825493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.081277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1393                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.019532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.789663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.866950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.152582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.719048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.720741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17358                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17359                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215321667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215321667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37002295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37002295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252323962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252323962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252323962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252323962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78670.685787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78641.952885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87683.163507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87475.874704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79874.631846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79824.094274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79874.631846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79824.094274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110498011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110498011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145005029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145005029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145005029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145005029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3320575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3320575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10647659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10647659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73812.966600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73812.966600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84163.458537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84163.458537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44014                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32847                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17905                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                209352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          450                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             57                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.859963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.329462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392935     86.59%     86.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2793      0.62%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2417      0.53%     87.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3373      0.74%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4989      1.10%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3735      0.82%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5792      1.28%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2770      0.61%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           34963      7.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050202                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        375106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54721                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        356604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          148                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       392914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       890958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       890816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          148980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1085                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1086                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36097                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        46785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295476                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       163629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          848                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.421748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343709     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36886      8.13%     83.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23508      5.18%     89.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18145      4.00%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12660      2.79%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9755      2.15%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6468      1.43%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2172      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          464      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            709     47.39%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           410     27.41%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     25.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3222      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227985     77.16%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41035     13.89%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23224      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295476                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337020                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1496                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           72                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           16                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             27                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17385                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9449                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1044                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        46785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           575                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       286886                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        38963                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29576                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22203                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327222                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           184936                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           294342                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321334                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628303                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.430231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359291     82.85%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27603      6.37%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13813      3.19%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11651      2.69%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6804      1.57%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3414      0.79%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1959      0.45%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2782      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6350      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117603                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47228                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29400                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23993                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              761546                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             689071                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.455014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.455014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556982                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307502                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               25                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125636                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.079710                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2079709983558                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9678773137068                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21977222                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5052516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 94630.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004978835                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3489932353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1502912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4344448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       814400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61277824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    312328128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           380268992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61277824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61277824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    174753408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        174753408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       957466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4880127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5941703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2730522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2730522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       722655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2088968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29464601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    150178693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              182847125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29464601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29464601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         84027778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              84027778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         84027778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       722655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2088968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29464601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    150178693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             266874903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23876                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.993213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.006408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23512                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23850                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23888                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       685360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15684360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4236252064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1930000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4238182064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4251251064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2615360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4253866424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4251251064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2615360                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4253866424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41433.701657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48954.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41713.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180358.143052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 80416.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180256.127254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178249.520503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68825.263158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178075.453115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178249.520503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68825.263158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178075.453115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29260700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10605.545487                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10569100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       512500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11081600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3953253108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1636400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3954889508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3963822208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2148900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3965971108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3963822208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2148900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3965971108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29196.408840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 36607.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29472.340426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168309.481778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 68183.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168207.277475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166197.996143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        56550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166023.572840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166197.996143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        56550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166023.572840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29381775                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3006.935986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        80147751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29384278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.727573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          689.115129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.203233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.739981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    673.403542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1494.473960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.168241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.164405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.364862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.734115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30995009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2400003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10484560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20688058                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               64567630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20837462                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20837462                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1498797                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1498797                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5041409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5041409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30995009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2400003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10484560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     25729467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                69609039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30995009                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2400003                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10484560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     25729467                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               69609039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1188236                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       404254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7630783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14899984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24123257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             20238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4463991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4463991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1188236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       404254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7630783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19363975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28587248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1188236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       404254                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7630783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19363975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28587248                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31231377459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9889976494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 242875043133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 552152754327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   836149151413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    171055886                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    171055886                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 266824553531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 266824553531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31231377459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9889976494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 242875043133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 818977307858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1102973704944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  31231377459                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9889976494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 242875043133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 818977307858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1102973704944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32183245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2804257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18115343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35588042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           88690887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20837462                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20837462                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1519035                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1519035                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9505400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9505400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32183245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2804257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18115343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45093442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            98196287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32183245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2804257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18115343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45093442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           98196287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.271993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.469627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.291124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.291124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26283.816901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24464.758528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31828.325236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37057.271627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34661.536434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8452.212966                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8452.212966                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59772.645942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59772.645942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26283.816901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24464.758528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31828.325236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42293.863107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38582.717194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26283.816901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24464.758528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31828.325236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42293.863107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38582.717194                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9623169                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9623169                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7630776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14899943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24122432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20238                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        20238                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4463991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4463991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7630776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19363934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28586423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7630776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19363934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28586423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24787749542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7642703243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199605171485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 468846958811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 700882583081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    818701968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818701968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241909622126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241909622126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24787749542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7642703243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199605171485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 710756580937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 942792205207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24787749542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7642703243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199605171485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 710756580937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 942792205207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99500758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99500758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    232381036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    232381036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    331881794                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    331881794                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.291115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.144013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.421233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20867.515481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18924.608748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26157.912575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31466.359221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29055.220596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40453.699377                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40453.699377                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54191.332851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54191.332851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20867.515481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18924.608748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26157.912575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36705.174730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32980.418894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20867.515481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18924.608748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26157.912575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36705.174730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32980.418894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5891521                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32326.900178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27828641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5923972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.697632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627834480000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11669.073949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.117249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.444634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   530.929094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.966175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6405.219290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13588.141634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.356112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.195472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1119981                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391125                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6673309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12149212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               20333627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9623169                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9623169                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14061                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14061                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2334301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2334301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1119981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6673309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14483513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22667928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1119981                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391125                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6673309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14483513                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22667928                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       957467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2750731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3788805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2129573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2129573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       957467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4880304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5918378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       957467                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4880304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5918378                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6328668564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1205179981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89441965618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 257341594765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   354317408928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55396460                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     55396460                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 197699113131                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 197699113131                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6328668564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1205179981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89441965618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455040707896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    552016522059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6328668564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1205179981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89441965618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455040707896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   552016522059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7630776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14899943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24122432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9623169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9623169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20355                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20355                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4463874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4463874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7630776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19363817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28586306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1187863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       403850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7630776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19363817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28586306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.157066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.309211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.477068                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.477068                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.207035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.207035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93230.437583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94709.625226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93415.194067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93553.893407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93516.929197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8801.471242                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8801.471242                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92835.095642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92835.095642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93230.437583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94709.625226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93415.194067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93240.238292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93271.589287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93230.437583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94709.625226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93415.194067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93240.238292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93271.589287                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2707018                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2707018                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       957467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2750731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3788805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6294                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6294                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2129573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2129573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       957467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4880304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5918378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       957467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4880304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5918378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5376376057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1027298155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75939353265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218593580459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 300936607936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    493278573                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493278573                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167171857003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 167171857003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5376376057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1027298155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75939353265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385765437462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 468108464939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5376376057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1027298155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75939353265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385765437462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 468108464939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88837467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88837467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    203759480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    203759480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    292596947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    292596947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309211                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309211                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.477068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.207035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79201.792183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80730.699804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79312.763014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79467.450819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79427.842799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78372.826978                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78372.826978                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78500.176797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78500.176797                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79201.792183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80730.699804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79312.763014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79045.370424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79094.046534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79201.792183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80730.699804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79312.763014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79045.370424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79094.046534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3139                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      892                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2246                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              18115433                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               490356690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              18115945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 27.067685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    490350945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      490350945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    490350945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       490350945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    490350945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      490350945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19572783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     19572783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19572783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      19572783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19572783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     19572783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 489574597014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 489574597014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 489574597014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 489574597014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 489574597014                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 489574597014                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509923728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    509923728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509923728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    509923728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509923728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    509923728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.038384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.038384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.038384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25013.029420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25013.029420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25013.029420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25013.029420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25013.029420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25013.029420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9140955                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            228                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40091.907895                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1457264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1457264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1457264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1457264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1457264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1457264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18115519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18115519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18115519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18115519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18115519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18115519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 380856278602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 380856278602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 380856278602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 380856278602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 380856278602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 380856278602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21023.757509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21023.757509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21023.757509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21023.757509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21023.757509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21023.757509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2805114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9532075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2805130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.398087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9531886                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9531886                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9531886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9531886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9531886                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9531886                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2805316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2805316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2805316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2805316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2805316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2805316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  47207384595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47207384595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  47207384595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47207384595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  47207384595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47207384595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12337202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12337202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12337202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12337202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12337202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12337202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16827.831373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16827.831373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16827.831373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16827.831373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16827.831373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16827.831373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2928                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2928                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2805316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2805316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2805316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2805316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2805316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2805316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38307575602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38307575602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38307575602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38307575602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  38307575602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38307575602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13655.351341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13655.351341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13655.351341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13655.351341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13655.351341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13655.351341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32204234                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      62558450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32204250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.942553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62557969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     62557969                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62557969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     62557969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62557969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     62557969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211658                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32211658                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32211658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211658                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32211658                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 412762720514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 412762720514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 412762720514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 412762720514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 412762720514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 412762720514                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94769627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94769627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94769627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94769627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94769627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94769627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12814.078695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12814.078695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12814.078695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12814.078695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12814.078695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12814.078695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       414432                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       414432                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32211658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32211658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32211658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32211658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 311821774456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 311821774456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 311821774456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 311821774456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 311821774456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 311821774456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9680.401253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9680.401253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9680.401253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9680.401253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9680.401253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9680.401253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              45092967                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               986757739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              45093479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.882493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    728232478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      728232478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    256766552                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     256766552                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984999030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984999030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984999030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984999030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     55720567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     55720567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11053620                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11053620                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66774187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66774187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66774187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66774187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1670061626022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1670061626022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 398412088102                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 398412088102                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2068473714124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2068473714124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2068473714124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2068473714124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    783953045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    783953045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    267820172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    267820172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1051773217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1051773217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1051773217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1051773217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29972.085999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29972.085999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36043.584645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36043.584645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30977.145617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30977.145617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30977.145617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30977.145617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20420102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20420102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20120766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     20120766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        51830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        51830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20172596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     20172596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20172596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     20172596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35599801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35599801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11001790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     11001790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46601591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46601591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46601591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46601591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 815015481106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 815015481106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 356487971297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 356487971297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1171503452403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1171503452403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1171503452403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1171503452403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103740455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103740455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    243072968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    243072968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    346813423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    346813423                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22893.821263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22893.821263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32402.724584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32402.724584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25138.700788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25138.700788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25138.700788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25138.700788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6245375326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       596849084                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    596849084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     64314852                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    431727132                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       348643542                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2029073067                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3303283529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          596849084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    348643542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            977868471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      344329433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          91706289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1956234325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       107565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1805720                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2435                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        509923934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31926188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1324898                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5335492859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.086042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.531429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4373844534     81.98%     81.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        60304461      1.13%     83.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        58757446      1.10%     84.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86358845      1.62%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66175425      1.24%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80090101      1.50%     88.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        60062444      1.13%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        67051115      1.26%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       482848488      9.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5335492859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.528917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2103791752                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2013520616                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        900494871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38990633                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     278694987                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5658764171                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     278694987                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2187537731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1637520040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     31964915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        848378494                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    351396692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5502457610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3283513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      60834663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    271401855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2000584                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6162247523                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13868209457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13820847405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     47362052                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3950936551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2211310996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1648129                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1646837                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        757365883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1070638413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    428016787                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     72435099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     47794860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5265129866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3357426                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4585875454                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10452970                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1717069059                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2570716135                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1486313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5335492859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.859504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.487161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3459822063     64.85%     64.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    684692374     12.83%     77.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    472146494      8.85%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    288363992      5.40%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    198479220      3.72%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129468848      2.43%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71963704      1.35%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25694540      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4861624      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5335492859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6476599     30.38%     30.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29909      0.14%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8911900     41.81%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5897033     27.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31791345      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3291380629     71.77%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7328162      0.16%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    905446709     19.74%     92.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    349928609      7.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4585875454                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.734283                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21315441                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14535548747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6961760607                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4436901624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     28649268                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     24660571                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13249232                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4561124458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       14275092                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     97918250                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    368312211                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       810915                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       905572                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    160200242                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       219578                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     278694987                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1161989549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     25474521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5268487292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30276388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1070638413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    428016791                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2928554                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9778477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3152880                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       905572                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     44029614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     25201678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     69231292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4513266984                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    882185400                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     72608466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1225458883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       433156234                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         343273483                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.722657                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4463948246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4450150856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3119571303                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4833089928                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.712551                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645461                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1790880134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1871113                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     64525929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5057124102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.688194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.743200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3980091112     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    370583753      7.33%     86.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166453490      3.29%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    203802006      4.03%     93.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75531792      1.49%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44220198      0.87%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33096427      0.65%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23185287      0.46%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160160037      3.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5057124102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999763024                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3480280776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970142755                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            702326203                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185982                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         365665673                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10470408                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3458466171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160160037                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10167680168                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10822135405                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               19696896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              909882467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999763024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3480280776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999763024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.123058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.123058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320199                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320199                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8749802809                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4949457245                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12632693                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9648740                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2172691093                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1560735                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43614968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7391910                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51123014                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43614968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43614968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5299181                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6532533                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5451871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1134068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6600380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          711889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             731172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           20971659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3554298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24581800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      20971659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         20971659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       592821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2548038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3141079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       593979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          20971659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6102337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27722878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3139                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2246                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     892                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6241417414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4143434                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7751207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7718516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       579921                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7718516                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19853866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8881105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1849484                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1135864                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   713620                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6232361735.067117                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9055678.932883                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001451                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998549                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
