
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   117359                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36835329                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              286976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    232715354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              990033821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    232715354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1297377059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.229728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047557000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.229728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.576858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.576858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245529824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245529824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246480824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246480824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246480824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246480824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174381.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174381.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1737400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11430.263158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228564992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228564992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229236592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229236592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229236592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229236592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162333.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162333.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           176                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1824.145970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              39                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.221591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          122.255336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.994463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.395418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.742010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1229.347505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    434.411340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.106057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.445348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4893                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             651                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  651                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3147726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205354015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75768730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      284676166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35254747                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35254747                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3147726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205354015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111023477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       319930913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3147726                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205354015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111023477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      319930913                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.557797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.361311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.801865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.803241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.384901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.384901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104924.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102574.433067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105380.709318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102845.435694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102484.729651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101598.694524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104924.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102574.433067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104443.534337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102706.553130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104924.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102574.433067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104443.534337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102706.553130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194299401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71850840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269517162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33351047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33351047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194299401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105201887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    302868209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194299401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105201887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    302868209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11320641                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11320641                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.557797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.801865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.796296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99454.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97052.647852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99931.627260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97828.370962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96950.718023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96950.718023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99454.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97052.647852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98966.968015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97730.948370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99454.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97052.647852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98966.968015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97730.948370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1752.322284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.032173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.822300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.742205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1257.932356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    451.793393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2880539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187140645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69232104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      259623383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32015329                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32015329                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2880539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187140645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101247433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       291638712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2880539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187140645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101247433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      291638712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96017.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94898.907201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97236.101124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95065.317832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93612.073099                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92798.055072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96017.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94898.907201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96060.183112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94811.024707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96017.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94898.907201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96060.183112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94811.024707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2463636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159413781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59324906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221515923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27147920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27147920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2463636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159413781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86472826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248663843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2463636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159413781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86472826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248663843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82121.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.631339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83321.497191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81499.603753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79379.883041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79379.883041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82121.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.631339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82042.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81262.693791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82121.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.631339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82042.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81262.693791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3389                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               457.993325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.267631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083050764300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.695814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21406                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21406                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293930999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293930999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293930999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293930999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293930999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293930999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64331.582184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64289.369860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64331.582184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64289.369860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64331.582184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64289.369860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228969996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228969996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228969996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228969996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228969996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228969996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58740.378656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58740.378656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.078659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            95                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.021505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.341486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.737172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1721059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1721059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1721059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1721059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1721059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1721059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.876289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16548.644231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.876289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16548.644231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.876289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16548.644231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1417112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1417112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1417112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1417112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1417112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1417112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14609.402062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14609.402062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2352                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.106565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.102041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.015897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31422721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31422721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31422721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31422721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31422721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31422721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13303.438188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.730152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13303.438188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.730152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13303.438188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.730152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24168946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24168946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24168946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10232.407282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10232.407282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1226                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               374.797702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.902936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.392624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   373.405078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.729307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.732027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27525                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16312                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16316                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          448                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    151618759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151618759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39543879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39543879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191162638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191162638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191162638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191162638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69549.889450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69549.889450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88862.649438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88267.587054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72823.862095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72740.729833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72823.862095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72740.729833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84656523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84656523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36869670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36869670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121526193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121526193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121526193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121526193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65676.123351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65676.123351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85544.477958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85544.477958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  771918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38609                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29075                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15075                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                187164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        169031                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          327                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3877                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             26                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       415855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.830306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.297742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362260     87.11%     87.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2544      0.61%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2004      0.48%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2872      0.69%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3897      0.94%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3806      0.92%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5126      1.23%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2023      0.49%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31323      7.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       415855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050017                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168276                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        331586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47123                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        315065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       345548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       779121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       779031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          132841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          984                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            293033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261860                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       139528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       415855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.629691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.404963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318814     76.66%     76.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32184      7.74%     84.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20443      4.92%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16313      3.92%     93.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11485      2.76%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8685      2.09%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5471      1.32%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2020      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          440      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       415855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            532     40.61%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           411     31.37%     71.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          367     28.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2943      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201121     76.80%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35970     13.74%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21816      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261860                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339233                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1310                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005003                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       943155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       392207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        260213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15105                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8342                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          705                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1240                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       254175                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34109                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7685                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25723                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20852                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329277                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                250029                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161624                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253286                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322906                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638109                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105086                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       397908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.398655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332428     83.54%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24372      6.13%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12470      3.13%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10028      2.52%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5981      1.50%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2987      0.75%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1654      0.42%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2459      0.62%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5529      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       397908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104437                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42248                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25422                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20642                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              686961                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             607556                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356063                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98514                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189624                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.391231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.391231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135295                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135295                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          488758                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         271011                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111287                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049002                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60049002246309                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132509871088                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43327                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1663806271                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4754220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36091.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1563711985                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3014125553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3414720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       167104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2633792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     51506944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            57859712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2633792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2633792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     38030720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         38030720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        41153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       804796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               904058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         594230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              594230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        43861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       857749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 963542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        43861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             43861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           633328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                633328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           633328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        43861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       857749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1596870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   285479                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.656101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   285494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.034128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.621974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.913873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.916006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            55                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               55                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       411212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          414742                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        27282                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          78482                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        438494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           493224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       438494                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          493224                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    509885664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47061548186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47571433850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9011223600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1178925000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10190148600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9521109264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48240473186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57761582450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9521109264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48240473186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57761582450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       411395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        414925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        27337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       438732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         493462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       438732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        493462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144443.530878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114445.950473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114701.269343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176000.460938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43212.557730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129840.582554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173965.087959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110013.986933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117110.242912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173965.087959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110013.986933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117110.242912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    403997828                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8522.441735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55028                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55028                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       411212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       414742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        27282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       438494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       493224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       438494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       493224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466958192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42101981231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42568939423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8394125104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    838283200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9232408304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8861083296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42940264431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51801347727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8861083296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42940264431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51801347727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997988                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132282.773938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102385.098759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102639.567304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163947.755938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30726.603621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117637.271018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161905.413777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97926.686411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105026.007913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161905.413777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97926.686411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105026.007913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6836490                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4030.954683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        51780375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6840517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.569658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  9053292573300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1500.697218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.031444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   137.771542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.814047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1035.762408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1354.877930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.366381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.252872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.984120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21142385                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       305870                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11843901                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8557306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               41849462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11488773                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11488773                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1025864                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1025864                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2109459                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2109459                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21142385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       305870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11843901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10666765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                43958921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21142385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       305870                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11843901                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10666765                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               43958921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4919                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1291214                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3851496                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5269997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        96138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             96138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1811888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1811888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1291214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5663384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               7081885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4919                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1291214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5663384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              7081885                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2794655979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    152766554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31766392424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 128517120751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   163230935708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2259507750                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2259507750                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  87448767850                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  87448767850                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2794655979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    152766554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31766392424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215965888601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    250679703558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2794655979                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    152766554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31766392424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 215965888601                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   250679703558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21264753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13135115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12408802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           47119459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11488773                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11488773                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1122002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1122002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3921347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3921347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21264753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13135115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16330149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            51040806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21264753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13135115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16330149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           51040806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.111843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085684                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.085684                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.462058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.462058                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.346805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.138749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.346805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.138749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22838.127443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31056.424883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24601.957866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33368.104433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30973.629721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23502.753854                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23502.753854                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48263.892608                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48263.892608                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22838.127443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31056.424883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24601.957866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38133.718039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35397.313506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22838.127443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31056.424883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24601.957866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38133.718039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35397.313506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4180832                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4180832                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1291209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3851496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5269991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        96138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        96138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1811888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1811888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1291209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5663384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          7081879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1291209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5663384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         7081879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2142050318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    126206316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24425590438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107211892229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133905739301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8253182811                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8253182811                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77183675337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77183675337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2142050318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    126206316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24425590438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 184395567566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 211089414638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2142050318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    126206316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24425590438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 184395567566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 211089414638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8687588408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8687588408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11922959063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11922959063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20610547471                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20610547471                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085684                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085684                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.462058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.346805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.138749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.098302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.346805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17504.987562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25662.122001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18916.837195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27836.428294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25409.102084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85847.248861                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85847.248861                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42598.480335                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42598.480335                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17504.987562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25662.122001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18916.837195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32559.255662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29806.978436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17504.987562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25662.122001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18916.837195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32559.255662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29806.978436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        820958                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32053.381154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8591347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        853120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         10.070502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17761.067498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.304693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.203221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.263811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   140.009911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    23.165290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2345.218024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11781.148706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.542025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.071570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.359532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.978192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1250055                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3331021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4705179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4180832                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4180832                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 406                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1197526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1197526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1250055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4528547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5902705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1250055                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4528547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5902705                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       520475                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               564812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       368454                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            368454                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       341640                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             341640                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       862115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                906452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       862115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               906452                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    242137074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53143277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3852310853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48019405544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    52166996748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    774575599                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    774575599                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31354943944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  31354943944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    242137074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53143277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3852310853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79374349488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     83521940692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    242137074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53143277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3852310853                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79374349488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    83521940692                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1291209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3851496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5269991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4180832                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4180832                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       368860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          368860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1539166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1539166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1291209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5390662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6809157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       122368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1291209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5390662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6809157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.107175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998899                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.221964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.133122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.133122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92737.293757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92907.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.203504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92260.734029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92361.700438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2102.231483                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2102.231483                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91777.730781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91777.730781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92737.293757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92907.826923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.203504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92069.328904                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92141.603408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92737.293757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92907.826923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93607.203504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92069.328904                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92141.603408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              539202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   539202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       520475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       368454                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       368454                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       341640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        341640                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       862115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           906452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       862115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          906452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    205507912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45116947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3271560842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40712594259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44234779960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28004116185                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28004116185                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26438340709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26438340709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    205507912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45116947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3271560842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67150934968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70673120669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    205507912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45116947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3271560842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67150934968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70673120669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7793534058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7793534058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10602533719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10602533719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18396067777                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18396067777                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998899                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998899                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.133122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.116307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78708.507085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78875.781469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.573747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78221.997712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78317.705644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76004.375539                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76004.375539                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77386.549318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77386.549318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78708.507085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78875.781469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.573747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77890.925187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.754631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78708.507085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78875.781469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.573747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77890.925187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.754631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24139465                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68090                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18671                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        332                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   258                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18482                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3225040                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24207555                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3215969                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9071                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            311                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19221                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13135116                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138582717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13135628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.550140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138574149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138574149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138574149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138574149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138574149                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138574149                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13754738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13754738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13754738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13754738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13754738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13754738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 215201154934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 215201154934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 215201154934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 215201154934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 215201154934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 215201154934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152328887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152328887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152328887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    152328887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152328887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    152328887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15645.601896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.601896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15645.601896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.601896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15645.601896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.601896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       594240                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 25836.521739                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       619609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       619609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       619609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       619609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       619609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       619609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13135129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13135129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13135129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13135129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13135129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13135129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 161258614381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 161258614381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 161258614381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 161258614381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 161258614381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 161258614381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12276.896130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12276.896130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12276.896130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12276.896130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12276.896130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12276.896130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       310841                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.983829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        451310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       310857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.451825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083923465300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.983822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       451047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       451047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       451047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       451047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       451047                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       451047                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311051                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       311051                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       311051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       311051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6213818208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6213818208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6213818208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6213818208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6213818208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6213818208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       762098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       762098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       762098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       762098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       762098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       762098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.408151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.408151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.408151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.408151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.408151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.408151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19976.846909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.846909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19976.846909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.846909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19976.846909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19976.846909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          132                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       311051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       311051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       311051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5270171742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5270171742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5270171742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5270171742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5270171742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5270171742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.408151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.408151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.408151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16943.111393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16943.111393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16943.111393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16943.111393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16943.111393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16943.111393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21267287                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9658896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21267303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.454166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9658583                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9658583                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9658583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9658583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9658583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9658583                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21268784                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21268784                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21268784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21268784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21268784                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21268784                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 253954936895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 253954936895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 253954936895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 253954936895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 253954936895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 253954936895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30927367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30927367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30927367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30927367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30927367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30927367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.687701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.687701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.687701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.687701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.687701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.687701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11940.265927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11940.265927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11940.265927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11940.265927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11940.265927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11940.265927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4270                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21268784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21268784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21268784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21268784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21268784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21268784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 189554765011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 189554765011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 189554765011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189554765011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 189554765011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 189554765011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.687701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.687701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.687701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8912.346141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8912.346141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8912.346141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8912.346141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8912.346141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8912.346141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16304213                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.745429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               250133022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16304725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.341137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.745429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    145202385                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145202385                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103745080                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103745080                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    248947465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       248947465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    248947465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      248947465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24516182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24516182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5071335                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5071335                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29587517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29587517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29587517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29587517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 757776212048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 757776212048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151620076639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 151620076639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 909396288687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 909396288687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 909396288687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 909396288687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169718567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169718567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108816415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108816415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278534982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278534982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278534982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278534982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.106225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.106225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30909.226080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30909.226080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29897.468150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29897.468150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30735.809588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30735.809588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30735.809588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30735.809588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11484371                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         11484371                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12098165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12098165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        45915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        45915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12144080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12144080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12144080                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12144080                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12418017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12418017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5025420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5025420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17443437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17443437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17443437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17443437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 274994657385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 274994657385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131211938085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131211938085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 406206595470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 406206595470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 406206595470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 406206595470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9043146463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9043146463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12407239357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12407239357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21450385820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21450385820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22144.812443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22144.812443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26109.646176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26109.646176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23287.073268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23287.073268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23287.073268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23287.073268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2468128393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204922589                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204922589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22709664                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    132603424                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        92339162                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    826056857                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             936308673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204922589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     92339162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            310141194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       77918765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           8862538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1136956080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5063299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1347233                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          213                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        152328908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13628862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          81170                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2343018189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.800931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.249275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2038589665     87.01%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23471161      1.00%     88.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15720396      0.67%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19247538      0.82%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21606493      0.92%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19910963      0.85%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17434914      0.74%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        22945023      0.98%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       164092036      7.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2343018189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.083028                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.379360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       798250309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1191247858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        287247384                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11681863                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      54590775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1844796971                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      54590775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       832290057                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      839442568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    228563530                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        263601005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    124530254                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1801534236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1686001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      51147811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     62257254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1855006                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2015647587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4587492639                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4283528772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303963867                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1532885329                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       482762376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3577665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3682172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        289007156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    202999896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    128022770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15100665                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13390463                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1649458280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6311548                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1548295882                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9863180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    272028846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    402274690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1914157                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2343018189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.660813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.359331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1700423096     72.57%     72.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    252156939     10.76%     83.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    156209751      6.67%     90.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88545859      3.78%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62010117      2.65%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43307723      1.85%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30817834      1.32%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7779183      0.33%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1767687      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2343018189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3232809     36.18%     36.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12961      0.15%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3318207     37.14%     73.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2370744     26.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33054602      2.13%      2.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1114659291     71.99%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90722332      5.86%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190381271     12.30%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119478386      7.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1548295882                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.627316                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8934721                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005771                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5250923373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1780799605                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1413502939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215612424                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147158582                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105667192                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1416404264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107771737                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16537081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36731668                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       205377                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       174621                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19928607                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       108616                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      54590775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      640220093                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10711797                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1655769828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     51482581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    202999896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    128022770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4226295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5728141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       713372                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       174621                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6955075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18409989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25365064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1526698047                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    186091665                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21597835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           304210117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156441201                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         118118452                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.618565                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1520323310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1519170131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1014204553                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1750162146                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.615515                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579492                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    299076116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4397391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22827534                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2288750857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.592780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.630330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1856144647     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152060597      6.64%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     89562042      3.91%     91.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62620871      2.74%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25834963      1.13%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16614162      0.73%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13602147      0.59%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8835746      0.39%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     63475682      2.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2288750857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    679939742                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1356726516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274362406                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166268239                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1523918                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141692350                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270324                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1282527143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     63475682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3880322785                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3367189898                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6576848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              125110204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177858379124                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          679939742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1356726516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    679939742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.629922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.629922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.275488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.275488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3086125195                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1588596346                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185072036                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96546563                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      603788915                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3132436                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376074                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72788824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77627776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9335519928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1863324020                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11349750966                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9335519928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9335519928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24447449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1204590209                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230852186                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9098603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1166939991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260272877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1446037596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          407844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156772028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157208224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1212157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155465030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31030058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189008152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155465030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155465030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            407125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20060120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20497463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            413388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1212157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155465030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51090178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209505615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68090                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24139465                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18671                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  123                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18482                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3225040                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24207555                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9071                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3215969                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           311                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14157                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327323372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 882707895                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1655515915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1648728352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               441869                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111656024                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1648728352                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      441869                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4198009817                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1818829371                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             716721                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364105                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417710001                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260577650                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157132351                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178387461624.115479                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1939861747.884520                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010757                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989243                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
