
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156307                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   276103                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               84457364                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681774                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       196160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202569812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    532484112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              748083715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202569812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202743543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202569812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    532484112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             748083715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           485                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2183.478616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.220619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          308.872005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.137008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.640252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.387599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    539.890581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1298.341655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.075408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.533076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          758                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1239                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1239                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          275                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1137                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4319                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4912927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1780501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120689928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242260739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      369644095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       648072                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       648072                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73432853                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73432853                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4912927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1780501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120689928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315693592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443076948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4912927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1780501                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120689928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315693592                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443076948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1239                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1239                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.703814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.434835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.459016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.471816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.471816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102352.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104735.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102802.323680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102565.935224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102394.486150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23145.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23145.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103718.718927                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103572.430183                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102352.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104735.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102802.323680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102831.788925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102587.855522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102352.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104735.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102802.323680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102831.788925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102587.855522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  55                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       55                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4647427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1687701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114208833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229176843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349720804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1298276                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1298276                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69548453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69548453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4647427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1687701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114208833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298725296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419269257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4647427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1687701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114208833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298725296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419269257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.703814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.831962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.470723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.607660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96821.395833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99276.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97281.799830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97026.605843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97117.690641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46367                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46367                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98232.278249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98232.278249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96821.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99276.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97281.799830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97304.656678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97300.825482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96821.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99276.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97281.799830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97304.656678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97300.825482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1975.003089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.167510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.973807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.449954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    549.325050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1369.756214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              55                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   55                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3597                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4306                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4485727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1629201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110113140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221128711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337356779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67128579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67128579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4485727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1629201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110113140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288257290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       404485358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4485727                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1629201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110113140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288257290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      404485358                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           55                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               55                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.392857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93452.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95835.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94436.655232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93817.866356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93788.373367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94814.377119                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94680.647391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93452.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95835.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94436.655232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94048.055465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93935.289828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93452.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95835.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94436.655232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94048.055465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93935.289828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3815124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1393004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93728547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187989262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286925937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       862400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57104583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57104583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3815124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1393004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93728547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245093845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344030520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3815124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1393004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93728547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245093845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344030520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.993186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79481.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81941.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80384.688679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79757.854052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79968.209866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80656.190678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80656.190678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79481.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81941.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80384.688679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79965.365416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80081.592179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79481.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81941.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80384.688679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79965.365416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80081.592179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1433                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               332.293258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.199581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.727222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   331.566036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.647590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.649010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31364                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31364                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166476155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166476155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166476155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166476155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166476155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166476155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72318.051694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72286.650022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72318.051694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72286.650022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72318.051694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72286.650022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130521209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130521209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130521209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130521209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130521209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130521209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67557.561594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67557.561594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67557.561594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67557.561594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67557.561594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67557.561594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          283                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.642790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.007067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019266892000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.519575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.123215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.570201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.665174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1153                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1153                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5486520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5486520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5486520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5486520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5486520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5486520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17145.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16933.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17145.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16933.703704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17145.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16933.703704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4467316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4467316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4467316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4467316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4467316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4467316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13960.362500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13960.362500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13960.362500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13960.362500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13960.362500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13960.362500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2736                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.268699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.730629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125902300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.668324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.600375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2244                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33985639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33985639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33985639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33985639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33985639                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33985639                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.553433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.553547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.553433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.553547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.553433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.553547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12220.654081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12198.721823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12220.654081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12198.721823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12220.654081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12198.721823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25365558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25365558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25365558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25365558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25365558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25365558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.553433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.553433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.553433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9121.020496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9121.020496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9121.020496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9121.020496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9121.020496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9121.020496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3698                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.693435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   54947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.858572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019322590000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.321104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.372332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.891352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.891979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21878                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21878                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          917                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    709924577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    709924577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81103965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81103965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    791028542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    791028542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    791028542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    791028542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87472.224864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87450.674674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88444.890949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88348.545752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87570.966678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87541.892652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87570.966678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87541.892652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1230                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1230                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256919096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256919096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77417331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77417331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334336427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334336427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334336427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334336427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76464.016667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76464.016667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85073.990110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85073.990110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78298.929040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78298.929040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78298.929040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78298.929040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56664                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37554                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24222                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158762                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                264518                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        484363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1821                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             97                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       758549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.640122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          677129     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9082      1.20%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5167      0.68%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3658      0.48%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5733      0.76%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5348      0.71%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5270      0.69%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3414      0.45%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43748      5.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       758549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          163739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       492100                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         23968                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        468221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         23968                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         394011                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        447277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          294                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       536840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1167275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1167275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       332354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66460                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30045                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            422601                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           369074                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2291                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       758549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.210712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       608948     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56509      7.45%     87.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34500      4.55%     92.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22709      2.99%     95.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16214      2.14%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10451      1.38%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6593      0.87%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2231      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          394      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       758549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            799     34.41%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           821     35.36%     69.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          702     30.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3019      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       279249     75.66%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59131     16.02%     92.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27675      7.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        369074                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.333678                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2322                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1502756                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       567743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       356374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        368377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4466                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22091                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          130                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7250                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         23968                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4158                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       424762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66460                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30045                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2144                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2189                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          130                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       361455                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        56965                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37164                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27091                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326790                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                357344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               356374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248018                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           396697                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322196                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625208                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148191                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       734743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       644067     87.66%     87.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35317      4.81%     92.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13568      1.85%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14759      2.01%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7153      0.97%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3426      0.47%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2774      0.38%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2173      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11506      1.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       734743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155324                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67149                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44354                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30493                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           275997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1146861                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             873363                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 347528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276375                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.121095                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.121095                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          722876                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         415342                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167824                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.112047                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1112047142031                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6131814411636                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54106                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   101066                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               70249991                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15829.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856486132                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599859144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       149184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       962688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10240832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            14952128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       962688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         962688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11020096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11020096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       160013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               233627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         172189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              172189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3177247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       865690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9208991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13445588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       865690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            865690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9909738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9909738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9909738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3177247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       865690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9208991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23355326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104071                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.462391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.527607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020573164000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.348659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8002                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8002                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103836                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99533                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101261                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4595545530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4596645530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124911784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6702040000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6826951784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126011784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11297585530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11423597314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126011784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11297585530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11423597314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40740.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44257.728822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44256.814554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72286.912037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67334.853767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67419.359714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71801.586325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55552.151655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55691.178575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71801.586325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55552.151655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55691.178575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       509700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  51                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9994.117647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56769                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56769                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       757500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3313047944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313805444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104109700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5472797502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5576907202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104867200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785845446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8890712646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104867200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785845446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8890712646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28055.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31906.544397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31905.543302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60248.668981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54984.753820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55074.581547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59753.390313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43201.497996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43343.112683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59753.390313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43201.497996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43343.112683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27643727                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.908539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        61155708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27647787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.211957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          520.088241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.944915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.634695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2732.705656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    690.531670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.667164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17358722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24814832                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8031302                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54740101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8494227                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8494227                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       960693                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              960693                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1507114                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1507114                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17358722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24814832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9538416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56247215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17358722                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24814832                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9538416                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56247215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19069085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6000855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25572266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54513                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54513                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1847405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1847405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19069085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27419671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332415                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19069085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27419671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7484537124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3687985849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421263397461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150448055374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   582883975808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2260395648                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2260395648                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54106427331                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54106427331                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7484537124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3687985849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421263397461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 204554482705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    636990403139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7484537124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3687985849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421263397461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 204554482705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   636990403139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17691137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4705156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43883917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14032157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80312367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8494227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8494227                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1015206                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1015206                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3354519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3354519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17691137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4705156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43883917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17386676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83666886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17691137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4705156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43883917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17386676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83666886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.318410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053696                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053696                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.550721                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.550721                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.327724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.327724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22515.641966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21705.397820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22091.432151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25071.103263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22793.598964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41465.258709                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41465.258709                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29287.799552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29287.799552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22515.641966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21705.397820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22091.432151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26063.673057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23231.146834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22515.641966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21705.397820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22091.432151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26063.673057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23231.146834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3817686                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3817686                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19069084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6000855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25569430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54513                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54513                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1847405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1847405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19069084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27416835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19069084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27416835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5684515769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2749540785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313151014133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117454507466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 439039578153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2888999692                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2888999692                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43716412284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43716412284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5684515769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2749540785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313151014133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161170919750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 482755990437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5684515769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2749540785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313151014133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161170919750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 482755990437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10442794743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10442794743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15593641617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15593641617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26036436360                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26036436360                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053696                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053696                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.550721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.327690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17197.299534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16274.864955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16421.922214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19572.962097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17170.487498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52996.527287                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52996.527287                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23663.686243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23663.686243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17197.299534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16274.864955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16421.922214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20535.879259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17608.013122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17197.299534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16274.864955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16421.922214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20535.879259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17608.013122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        178476                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32344.415421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29077841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        210949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        137.842990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18189.477598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.063126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   443.808989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   150.406705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5601.911746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7958.728958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.555099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.242881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19054034                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5851364                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25401917                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3817686                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3817686                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4935                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4935                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1673960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1673960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19054034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7525324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27075877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19054034                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7525324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27075877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15050                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149491                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               167513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75092                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75092                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       147931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             147931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       297422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                315444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       297422                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               315444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    216173186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     59594534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1407494574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8765953694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10449215988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1870991966                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1870991966                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13277569673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13277569673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    216173186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     59594534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1407494574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22043523367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23726785661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    216173186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     59594534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1407494574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22043523367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23726785661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19069084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6000855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25569430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3817686                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3817686                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        80027                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80027                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1821891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1821891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19069084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7822746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27391321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19069084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7822746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27391321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.938333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.081196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.389532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92971.191888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93521.234153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58638.671853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62378.537713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24915.995925                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24915.995925                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89755.153910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89755.153910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.389532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92971.191888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93521.234153                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74115.308777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75217.108777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.389532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92971.191888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93521.234153                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74115.308777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75217.108777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              115420                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   115420                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          167513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75092                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75092                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       147931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        147931                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           315444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          315444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183490667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50576269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1195234910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6659872869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8089174715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3850361866                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3850361866                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11162526832                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11162526832                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183490667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50576269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1195234910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17822399701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19251701547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183490667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50576269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1195234910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17822399701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19251701547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9305648218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9305648218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13887251988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13887251988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23192900206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23192900206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78717.574861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78902.135725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79417.601993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44550.326568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48289.832520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51275.260560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51275.260560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75457.658178                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75457.658178                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78717.574861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78902.135725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79417.601993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59922.936773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61030.488920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78717.574861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78902.135725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79417.601993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59922.936773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61030.488920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33346183                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44966                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20431853                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12914330                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22483                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22483                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21908                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43883927                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               131995508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43884439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.007798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131981377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131981377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131981377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131981377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131981377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131981377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48003312                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     48003312                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48003312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      48003312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48003312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     48003312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013407873281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1013407873281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013407873281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1013407873281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013407873281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1013407873281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179984689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179984689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179984689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179984689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179984689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179984689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21111.207353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21111.207353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21111.207353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21111.207353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21111.207353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21111.207353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       322875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40359.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4119368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4119368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4119368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4119368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4119368                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4119368                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43883944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43883944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43883944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43883944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43883944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43883944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788444778422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 788444778422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788444778422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 788444778422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788444778422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 788444778422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17966.588838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17966.588838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17966.588838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17966.588838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17966.588838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17966.588838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4707261                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4405052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4707277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.935796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4404575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4404575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4404575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4404575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4404575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4404575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707982                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4707982                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4707982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707982                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4707982                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79067027339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79067027339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79067027339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79067027339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79067027339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79067027339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9112557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9112557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9112557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9112557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9112557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9112557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.516648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16794.250135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16794.250135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16794.250135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16794.250135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16794.250135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16794.250135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        32587                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        32587                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4707982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4707982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4707982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64655368964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64655368964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64655368964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64655368964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64655368964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64655368964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13733.138522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13733.138522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13733.138522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13733.138522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13733.138522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13733.138522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17695629                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4961075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17695645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.280356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4960894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4960894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4960894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4960894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4960894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4960894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17706542                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17706542                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17706542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17706542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17706542                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17706542                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289320716259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 289320716259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289320716259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 289320716259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289320716259                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 289320716259                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22667436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22667436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22667436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22667436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22667436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22667436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.781144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.781144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.781144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16339.763928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16339.763928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16339.763928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16339.763928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16339.763928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16339.763928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        20995                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        20995                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17706542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17706542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17706542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17706542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17706542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17706542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235311418409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 235311418409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235311418409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 235311418409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 235311418409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 235311418409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.781144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13289.518552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.518552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13289.518552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.518552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13289.518552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.518552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17346669                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.827344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279900369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17347181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.135208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.827344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180276277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180276277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98482336                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98482336                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278758613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278758613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278758613                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278758613                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21560177                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21560177                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4398451                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4398451                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     25958628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      25958628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     25958628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     25958628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 569799102811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 569799102811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113489042656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 113489042656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 683288145467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 683288145467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 683288145467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 683288145467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201836454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201836454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102880787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102880787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304717241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304717241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304717241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304717241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.106820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26428.312848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26428.312848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25802.047734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25802.047734                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26322.197979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26322.197979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26322.197979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26322.197979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8440648                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8440648                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7518579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7518579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7572358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7572358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7572358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7572358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14041598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14041598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4344672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4344672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18386270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18386270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18386270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18386270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318335276434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318335276434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97220496754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97220496754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 415555773188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 415555773188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 415555773188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 415555773188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10902678857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10902678857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16204539839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16204539839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27107218696                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27107218696                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042230                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042230                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22670.872392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22670.872392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22376.947386                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22376.947386                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22601.417970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22601.417970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22601.417970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22601.417970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3300438828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231546628                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231546628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42937547                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196729247                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103640755                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1489516590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1055931713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231546628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103640755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329306122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      155809856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85601226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     394681506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       722441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2050133                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179984697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30421214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1200780                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2413212632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.262249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2092487341     86.71%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19865882      0.82%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14620135      0.61%     88.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26521633      1.10%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22697520      0.94%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27694087      1.15%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19559322      0.81%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16835569      0.70%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172931143      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2413212632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.319937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1551320552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    439825751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304453177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6278594                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111334558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1916117490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111334558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1572065150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      143084775                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    252413512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289035010                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45279627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1837813181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       674294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7270643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29682684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       215249                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1995979293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4569583206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4569492130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        91076                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203586981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792392500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6187697                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6223494                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140128568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259401233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159289286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16406003                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15190095                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1704558373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8942802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1540684338                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7820222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    570281217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    761514899                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3268687                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2413212632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.413138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1837092667     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198114511      8.21%     84.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124262318      5.15%     89.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85139041      3.53%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69652636      2.89%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49098083      2.03%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36644675      1.52%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11010549      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2198152      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2413212632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4514606     42.16%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4098888     38.28%     80.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2093694     19.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18639296      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144285051     74.27%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236318704     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141441287      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1540684338                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.466812                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10707188                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006950                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5519766759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2284186126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1464876240                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41422                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25320                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20405                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1532731491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20739                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23094554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95025746                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       501284                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       450935                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56378952                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200271                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111334558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82236504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1921709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1713501175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29509641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259401233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159289286                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7870735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        946335                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74704                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       450935                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14221452                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33845699                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48067151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1494487581                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225184480                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46196757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361002453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158001490                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135817973                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.452815                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1467786902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1464896645                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        921478175                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1419569207                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.443849                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649125                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629771651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5674115                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43177643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2302781595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.422816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1945919309     84.50%     84.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128263084      5.57%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57858613      2.51%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63141156      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33460702      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14979963      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11963973      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7818576      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39376219      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2302781595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586301845                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083670023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267285851                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164375512                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577095                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125436947                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079098755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39376219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3975548866                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3538688944                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26234449                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              887226196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            33778814                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586301845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083670023                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586301845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.629249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.629249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177644                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177644                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2861303002                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1576434307                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20405                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      703627157                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5322986                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       944832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2846969824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513364847                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364126031                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2846969824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2846969824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358058414                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365622850                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       118104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355871228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81289071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437397322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51641018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51822342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2477622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       849633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2560116129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          461639464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3025164945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2560116129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2560116129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3384950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3417312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         321981327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            328783589                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3391518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5894934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       849633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2560116129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         783620791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3353948533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33346183                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44966                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12914330                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20431853                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22483                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22483                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21787                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3339471935                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268781535                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513699992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511987570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36657138                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511987570                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320304484                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566531497                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133148062                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81372948                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51775114                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2738660126.350153                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600811808.649847                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179912                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820088                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
